   - Freelancer : Know who you are
   
   - Think of yourself as a business and business is not rely on only one client.
     
     Wagon wheel :
         Hub & Spokes
     Multiple income streams approach
        What's your Core brand or skill set ? Your carrier strategy 
        
        Your focus needs to shift from finding a job to finding work.
        
        The multiple income streams approach is designed to create a steady stream of income from multiple sources. 
        This is how you build a career in the 21st century.
   
    - Visibility is credibility. If people don't know what you do, you can't sell it.
      1st : "define your brand". What is it you do, exactly ? 
         And more specifically, what can you do to make or save money for a cilent? 
         What is it that's special or unique about you? 
         In other words, what combination of skills and experience do you have that would make an employer want to work with you? 
         Brand is relationship and reputation. 
         In other words, when people in your industry think of you, what comes to mind? 
      2nd : Articulate your brand message : 
            Sound byte or Elevator pitch (a description of about 30 seconds that encapsulates the main skills you offer. )
      3rd : Network / Market, and sell your brand.
            Marketing yourself and your services needs to become an integral part of your work life.
            
    - Monetizable Passion      
      Determine if your passion is monetizable 
      Be aware of larger economic trends
      
    - Begin at the end
      What is your goal ?	
      Clearly identify it and work backwards , defining all the milestones you'll need to hit in order to reach it.
      
      Examine your goal :
      Why ?
      In what field ?
      What is your value ?
      What can you offer ?
      
      Create a detailed picture of the goal before doing anything.
      Measure twice , cut once : Double check before you take action
      Be sure to spend time researching and then planning the steps you'll need to take to reach your goal. 
      This will help you focus, while both saving you time, and reducing your stress.
      
    - long-term goals : something that is the fulfillment of a dream and will take many steps to achieve. 
    
      short-term goals :  milestones you need to hit in order to get there.
      
      Conception ==> Fulfillment.
      
      This is why you wanna do a great deal of research before starting the trip, 
      so that you will have realistic expectations of how much work you're going to need to do. 
      But despite all of that research at a certain point you may still choose not to go on, that this just isn't for you.
      Better to abort the project than discover years later that this was not a good fit. 
      
    - How to interview ?    
      whoever has the gold makes the rules. [Light]BUT what is the "gold" ?
      
      1. Remind me again who referred you and how you know them. 
      
      2. Demonstrate your knowledge about my company. 
         Did you thoroughly research what we do? 
         Specifically, how can you help us achieve our goals? 
         And in what ways can you help us to either make money or save money?
      
      3. Be self-aware. 
         Did you consistently follow up?
         Did I get a firm handshake and a smile? 
         
    - How to give back ?
      service and contribution
      
    - Improve your verbal presentation skills
      Who is your audience and what do they need? That's always the first question I ask before I make any presentation.
      People's time is valuable, and if they're going to listen to you, give them value in return.
      
      
    - Develop your writing brand    
      One, as Ernest Hemingway said, "The first draft of anything is crap," only he didn't use the word crap. 
      	In school, we were given writing assignments based on word count. Once we hit that magic number, we were done. 
      	There was only one draft. The fact though, is that writing is editing. 
      	Since your name, your brand appears with every email, text, proposal, resume, and cover letter you ever write, 
      	be sure to edit as often as you need until whatever you're writing says exactly what you meant for it to say.

      Two, if you remember in school, there was a huge emphasis on the mechanics of writing, grammar, punctuation, and spelling. 
        Worry about them after what you've written is clear and concise. 
        Because your name is on a piece of written communication, 
        make sure that the grammar, spelling, and punctuation are perfect so they don't detract from what you're saying and from the overall impression you want to make.

      Three, before you send it, read it aloud. 
        I can't count how many times I had students read their papers aloud in class and then stop and say, "Wait, that's not what I meant to say." 
      
      Use these tips and your writing will improve. 
      This will enhance your brand because people will know that when they read something you wrote, it will have been worth their time.  
    
    - The granular database
      It's not who you know, but how well you know them and how often you appear on their radar. 
      
      A granular database includes this and email addresses and relevant websites, 
      places they've lived and work, job titles, names of their significant others, children and pets, 
      important dates like birthdays and anniversaries, hobbies and interests and personality traits and quirks.
      Sweet spots I like to call them, like concerned about global warming, hates baseball, collects elephant carvings. 
      
      As you network, always try to meet in person and over a meal.
      
    - Build and deepen relationships
      
    - How to manage money 
      Given you're a freelancer slash your own business you need to treat yourself as a business, 
      so you want get conscious about what's coming in, income or revenue, and what's going out, your expenses. 
      
      The first rule of freelancing and money management is keep your overhead low.
         (overhead / 經常費用 :reduce expenditure on overhead   減少經常費用的開支)  
         
      The second rule is create a budget in case you're not already doing that.
         Your budget needs to be on a spreadsheet and include revenue, expenses, and the differential. 
         In other words, are you ahead and able to save money or sinking deeper into debt?
         
         Writing things down, whether digitally or on paper, makes them more real and keeps you conscious of where you stand. 
             The revenue part of your budget is relatively easy :
                From how many places and how often is the money coming in? 
             Expenses are broken down by category , those categories include :
             Housing : Your mortgage or rent, home owners or renters insurance, utilities, a land phone line, 
                       your cell phone, including texting and data charges, internet access, apps, et cetera, 
                       cleaning supplies and or what you pay someone to clean your home. 
             Food : Groceries, snacks, alcohol, any meals you take with clients or potential clients, 
                    which incidentally can be written off on your taxes as many of the items I'm going to mention.
             Health care : Insurance, medication, and preventive maintenance, like gym membership. 
             Grooming : Clothing, makeup, hair, manicures, laundry and dry cleaning. 
             Transportation : Car payments, gas, insurance, registration, maintenance and repairs, and parking, 
                              and if you don't own a car, the cost of public transportation. 
             Entertainment : Food and alcohol in restaurants, cable TV, pay-per-view, Netflix, et cetera, movies, tickets to concerts, the theater, 
                             and sporting events, books, and magazine or newspaper subscriptions, and vacations, which everyone needs to take.
             Education : which never ends by the way, you always need to be learning about trends in your industry. 
                         So tuition and supplies, including books and software and online courses. 
             Miscellaneous : Here we find pets, credit card payments, including interest, which for many of us is unfortunately a huge expense, 
                             student loans, and birthday and anniversary presents. 
                             
         Once you've written everything down review your budget every couple of months or so and look for ways to save money.
         Notice how the expenses creep up without you realizing it. You'll begin to learn to trim the fat. 
         Do you still need a land line? Maybe you need to cut back on how often you go out for meals or attend concerts and so on. 
         Now as a responsible business owner you need to constantly pursue two goals simultaneously : Increasing revenue and cutting expenses. 
         These are how you make money. 
         You always wanna be searching for new sources of revenue and on the expense side begin to distinguish what you want from what your business really needs.

         Focus on the long term as you're building your career slash business. 
         For anything you think you wanna spend money on weigh the cost of the item versus its benefit to you. 
    
     - How to manage time
       to keep a written journal for just one week, noting in half hour increments exactly how you spend that time.
       This time budget will give you a clear picture of your routine, after which you can make the necessary adjustments so you can increase efficiencies.     
       As you adjust your time budget, allocate the bulk of your working day to the things that maintain forward progress. 
       If it doesn't advance your career, devote less time to it and avoid any behaviors or bad habits that get in the way of your commitments.
       
       If you think of your career as a sort of vital organ, it's the same process when you're prioritizing your time. 
       Look at every activity you perform and then decide whether it supports your career goals or distracts you from achieving them. 
       The real motivation behind managing time effectively and efficiency is this : 
         you were given talents to share with the world. They are not yours to waste.
       Break down each project you take on into smaller steps with measurable deliverables and deadlines. 
       Set manageable milestones. After each step, acknowledge and reward yourself for completing that part of the project.
       
     - Prepare for a formal interview 
       Here are three tips that will both reduce your level of stress and prepare you to present yourself in the best possible light during the interview. 
       Number one: 
         The interviewer is almost as nervous as you. They often don't know what to ask. It's like talking to a stranger at a party.
         They want to know who you are, your narrative, your story, how you got to where you are in your career, what drives you, your passions. 
         The opening will be when they say, tell me about yourself. 
         Practice your answer. 
         Bosses want someone who's engaged, passionate, and articulate, thoughtful and ambitious, and has put some planning into their career choices. 
       Number two: 
         Research the interviewer and the company thoroughly beforehand. 
         Start with their website and then check for news items about them. 
         And most important, and this is where your database will prove invaluable, 
         talk to people who might know or have worked with the person you're interviewing and/or the company. 
         The interviewer will be looking at whether you did your homework, and if you have what I call points of resonance, 
         things that will connect the two of you on a personal level. The same hometown, school, interests, et cetera. 
       Number three: tell them why they should hire you and exactly what you can do for them.
         Be prepared to explain or defend everything on your resume. They have a right to ask. 
         Have two or three stories ready for every experience that you've listed. 
         Expect to be asked questions starting with, tell me about a time, including when you worked with someone difficult, 
            when you led a team, when you had to be creative to solve a problem, et cetera. 
         Also popular today are questions designed to throw you off, like, if you were part of a salad, what part would you be and why? 
         If you were an animal, what kind of animal would you be? 
         Tell us something about yourself that doesn't appear on your resume, or something no one else knows about you.
       
       Can you see now how difficult and awkward this all can be? 
       If the first interview goes well, expect to repeat the process with other members of the team. 
       Companies like panel interviews. They're a favorite of mine. 
       And/or they'll bring you back day after day, almost as if they want you to slip up and disqualify yourself. 
       I have a friend who was interviewed for a director position by different people in the same organization for 12 consecutive hours. 
       Nevertheless, there will be times you'll be involved in the formal interview process, but if you follow my advice, be ready to shine.
       
    - How to negotiate salary
      First rule, be willing and prepared to walk away from the negotiation with nothing, no deal. 
      If you absolutely have to cut a deal, you walk in at a disadvantage. 
      If you're desperate, if you put yourself in a position where if you don't get the job, or close the deal with the client, 
      you will not be able to meet your expenses, you're finished before you've even begun.
      
      You want to have the freedom to know that if the deal doesn't work for you, 
      you can say "Thanks," walk away and know something better will turn up that you will accept. 
      
      In any negotiation, have two numbers in mind before you begin : 
         what you want and what you're willing to live with. 
         For example, negotiating your salary for a new job. Before your very first interview, you want to have an idea of the salary range. 
         There are three ways to discover this : 
           One, the salary range has been included in the job posting.
           Two, you can check sites like Salary.com or Glassdoor.com to learn what type of job pays in that particular geographic location, 
           Three, and this is your best option, talk to the people in your database who know this industry and this company, and ask them what they pay. 
         Continuing with our example, you've learned that the salary range is between 65 and 80,000 dollars annually. 
         You obviously want 80, but would be willing to accept 70,000.
         When negotiating a salary, You'll need to consider the whole package, which can include :
            benefits, the learning opportunity, how the job and/or working for that particular company could forward your career goals, 
            the length of the commute, the people you'll be working around, whether your new boss' management style is a good fit for you, et cetera. 
            Maybe you'll need to come down 5,000 on the money in exchange for the rest of the package, 
            but if they offer less than 65K, stand up, smile, shake the other person's hand, say "Thanks, but not thanks," and walk away.
         
         You want to avoid accepting an offer that's gonna make you kick yourself for having to settle and/or resent the company for getting you so cheap. 
         I've always been good at self-promotion. Way back in 1999, a colleague called and said, "I keep getting your emails." 
         Remember, this is before Facebook and LinkedIn. "And I notice you're always doing something. 
         "I've just joined a startup "and I'm looking for a Director of Business Development. "Can we meet?" We did. The salary was 80,000 a year.
         I turned him down. I told him I was unwilling to stop working with my clients for anything less than a VP position and 100,000 dollars a year. 
         Eight months later, he called back and offered me exactly that. This time, I took the job. I thought I was worth it, and I was, 
         and when you've developed a sense of your self-worth, and can convey that to others, you, too, can strike winning deals.
     
     