1. Never pull off till tomorrow what you can do today.

2. Short as life is, we make it still shorter by the careless waste of time.
   by Victor Hugo.

3. Can I get you anything else ? No, thanks. VS. Thanks. I'm good.
      因為別人先前己經回答過你的問題，幫過忙了，這時說no太直接了，用一句"I am good."表示你剛剛給資訊已經夠了，也有感激之意。
      "I am good."和"I am fine."相通，但如果只用fine或是good，意思就完全相反。
4. You are telling me. 意思是「我早就知道，不用你告訴我。這還用你說嗎？」, 別錯解成「你正在告訴我」，就會愣在那兒以為別人話還沒說完。
5. Speak the same language. 我們想得一樣
      e.g. When we got down to planning where to go on our trip, I was glad we spoke the same language.（我很高興當我們決定行程的時候己經有共識。）
      
6. I'm copying you here so you can ...
   What questions do you have for me ?    

7.   - 目標要可靠，期望要實際
				Solid goal, practical expectation.
        Before setting a goal for your team, imagine what it'd be like if you're going to do it all by yourself. 
        Is it going to be hard or is it going to be easy? 
        After understanding your goals thoroughly, you can have a more practical expectation. 

     - 建立團隊互信
        Build trust within your team.
        Integration within a team always depends on trust. 
        Transparent and honest communication will not only benefit the team's efficiency but also the corporate culture.

		 - 解決導向
         Solution is the point.
 				When encountering a problem, or when team members make mistakes, remember not to focus on the problem itself but the solution to the issue. This is how employees learn to solve things themselves.

		 - 創造部屬的自信心
				Build (A) self-esteem in (B) underlings.
        Pay attention to how you make others feel. 
        An MVP in your team will never be just obedient, but will be confident and understand his or her own value.

     - 好的領導人不獨裁
        A good leader is not an autocrat.
        Being a competent leader doesn't mean you are going to throw your weight around. Finding a balance between being firm and being reasonable is a lesson that every leader should learn.
        做一個能幹的領導者並不代表要對他人頤指氣使。在立場堅定以及合乎情理間找到平衡點是優質領導人必學的一道課題。

     - 懂得賞識很重要
         Appreciation is important.
         Direct and plain feedback is necessary. So is appreciation. Encourage the positive cycle by telling the employee exactly what he did well.

     - 領導人也須「服務他人」
         Leaders need to serve others.
         There is a fallacy that the leader's job is to command. 
         Actually, a leader's main mission is to "serve." Offer the necessary information and give your team a hand when they are needed; that's how you make the team willing to support you in the same way.
 
     片語教學
       1. Under promise and over deliver
       不過度承諾，表現超乎期待 , Promise是承諾，Deliver是履行。

       Remember the principle of under promise and over deliver, and never make a promise that you cannot fulfill.
       謹記凡事要留有餘地，別做出自己無法履行的承諾。

       2. Throw one's weight around 逞威風
          指對人濫用自己的權威，表現跋扈或盛氣凌人。
          He is a bossy person who's always throwing his weight around.
          他是一個老愛對人頤指氣使的霸道傢伙。

8. Richard's note
	- Exercise
     Richard’s number one “secret” to greater productivity is to keep fit and exercise. 
     Exercise increases energy levels, helps you to sleep better and improves your focus and concentration. 

	- Keeping lists
		 Richard believes in always keeping track and organizing your tasks and ideas in lists.

	- To be productive you should love what you do
     Focus on activities that you enjoy and are a really good at. 
     Try to delegate or outsource everything else.
		 I don’t think of work as work and play as play. It’s all living.
		 
	- Don’t get the lawyers or accountants involved too early

	- Hands off delegation
	   This is an obvious one for Richard. 
	   Running 400 companies it would be absolutely impossible for him to handle the details himself. 

	- Set big audacious goals
		 So you accomplished all your tasks for the day, were you productive? Possibly not. 
		 Productivity is not about accomplishing a list of tasks. 
		 It’s about achieving the big important tasks that make the biggest difference in your life. 
		 The concept of trying to keep control of everything in your life and to get everything finished is potentially LIMITING to your productivity.

		 Instead aim high and focus on the few things that make the biggest difference in your life. 
		 If you aim high then even if you fall way short of your goal you will still accomplish a lot more than if you never set audacious goals in the first place.

		 My interest in life comes from setting myself huge, apparently unachievable challenges and trying to rise above them.

9. union : 工會
      The union is demanding higher pay for workers.
      The labor union is planning to organize a strike.

10.business etiquette 商業禮儀 : 
      According to Japanese business etiquette, you should accept a business card with both hands.

11. - 印度人說"do one thing"，千萬別問do what。
      這是印度人的獨特用法，講話要引人注意，他們就會在開頭加："Do one thing"，吸引到你的注意，他才會繼續說下去。
      有一點像美國人說的"Listen up" 、"Look."這些口頭禪。
      
    - Do the needful : Needful是很老的字，英語系國家沒有人用了。當印度人說"Kindly do the needful"，意思是"Please do this, it is necessary."      
      Prepone : 這個字不是每個字典都找得到，但印度人超愛用。這個字的對應字是"postpone"延後，把post改成pre，就成了prepone，提前的意思。
      印度人的email如果寫："If possible, please try to prepone it."意思是，「如果可能，請提前。」
      
      Out of station : 和印度人約時間，如果他說他會"out of station"意思是"out of town".      
      Kindly revert : 請人回覆訊息，我們一般都用reply。但印度人會說revert，禮貌起見，還會加一個kindly。
      
    - hit on someone : 勾搭
      My friend is mad at me because I am hitting on her ex-boyfriend.（我朋友很生氣我勾搭上她的前男友。）
      
      hit on/hit upon something : 忽然想出
      He hit on an idea that would be the perfect birthday surprise.（他靈機一動，想出了完美的生日派對驚喜計畫。）
      
      hit the road : 上路 
      You’d better hit the road right now if you want to be there on time.（如果你想準時抵達的話，你最好現在就上路。）
      
      hit the sack : 就寢
      Louis was so tired that he hit the sack soon after supper.（路易斯太累了，所以吃過晚飯就早早上床睡覺了。）
      
      hit the nail on the head : 說得中肯
      這句諺語是用來形容說得中肯、一針見血的意思
      
      hit it off : 合得來
      We all thought the two of you would hit it off well.（我們都認為你們倆會相處得愉快。）
      
      hit it big 成功了      
      
12.  需要離開一下，跟面前的客人說「馬上回來」 : 
      I'll be right with you.
      e.g. This shirt is not your size. Let me check on the back shelf. I'll be right with you.
      赴約路上，想告知對方再等一下「我快到了」 : don't say "I'm coming！" => I will be right there soon！
    	e.g. Sorry！A car accident delayed the bus. I will be right there soon！
    	電話有插撥，想請正在通話的人「稍候一下」: I've got another call coming in.
     	e.g. I've got another call coming in. Is it alright if I give you a call later？

14.  Remember the acronym HALT—don’t give feedback if you are Hungry, Angry, Lonely, or Tired. 
      Since candor and feedback involve other people, you’ll likely encounter misunderstandings, hurt feelings, or other conflict. 
      Don’t expect feedback to always feel natural or easy. 
      A little discomfort and a few mistakes means you’re on the right path.
      
15. subordinate 部屬
      The manager held a meeting with his subordinates.
    ticket stub 票根
      Did the usher ask to see your ticket stub after intermission?
         接待人員在中場休息之後有要求看你的票根嗎？
    You've got to find what you love.
    sexual discrimination : 性別歧視
      The law prohibits sexual discrimination in the workplace

    fishing rights : 漁撈權    
    signature line : 簽名檔
      Please sign your name on the signature line at the bottom of the form.

    poised : 平衡的 , 猶豫不決的  

16. - To & For    
	    當有移轉物品的情形或是某人將東西交給某人時，就會產生recepient(接收者)，這時會用到to跟for，而用法也有不同：
	    當句子中有 motion(動作)出現，包括：give、pass、throw…等等，就要使用to，
	    例如：I give the pen to her. (我把原子筆給她)，句子當中出現了 “give"(給)這個motion(動作)，所以用 to。
	    與motion(動作)相對的，當你沒有 move(移動)任何東西，沒有東西經過交換或轉手的時後，這是就是一個situation(情況)，要使用for，
	    例如：It is for her. (這是給她的)，句子當中沒有出現 motion(動作)，只有 be動詞 “is"，這時就把它看作一個 situation(情況)，用 for。
	    
	    若你是個人闡述自己意見的話，就用to me。若是有人和你在爭論或不同意見時，你要表達自己的看法時，就用for me。
    
    - Genius is 1% talent and 99% hard work ~ Thomas Edison    
    - labor insurance : e.g. How much is deducted from our paychecks for labor insurance?
    - slack off : 打混
      You need to stop slacking off and finish your report.
    - management trainee : Does your company have a management trainee program?
    - stamina : 精力；耐力；韌勁
    - Attractive vs Charming
      Attractive強調的是外表很吸引人，而Charming則主要形容一個人整體上很討人喜歡。
      Attractive主要形容的是外在魅力，說一個人attractive，容易讓人覺得你對那人有意思。
    - Clever vs Smart
      Clever通常指的是反應敏捷，善於思辨。有時，耍小聰明的人也常被用Clever或Witty來形容。
      但是若要稱讚一個人在學術上或智力上的成就，通常就不會使用Clever，而是用Smart。
    - Fragile vs Delicate
      Fragile和Delicate這兩個字都有「脆弱」的意思，但Fragile強調的重點卻是「容易損壞的」。如果用Fragile作為形容，通常會讓人聯想到的是過於脆弱的形象，多為負面的意思。
      Delicate的意思偏向為「精細的」或是「纖細的」。雖然也同樣有脆弱的意思，但是偏向正面。
    - thriving : 欣欣向榮
      The domestic Chinese satellite navigation industry is thriving, based on the growing availability of Beidou signals combined with the baseline GPS constellation. 
      embody : 具體表達,使具體化
    - holacracy : A specific social technology or system of organizational governance developed by HolacracyOne, 
                  LLC in which authority and decision-making are distributed throughout a holarchy of self-organizing teams rather than being vested in a management hierarchy.      
    - assassinations 暗殺 ,行刺 ; They attempted the assassination of the President. 他們企圖暗殺總統。
    - set up (a) stall : 擺攤
      e.g. Do I need a license if I want to set up a stall here? / Vendors set up stalls selling snacks on the weekend.      

    - intern 實習生 : Experience as an intern will look good on your college application.
                      擔任實習生的經驗會讓你的大學申請文件看起來比較亮眼。
    - emotional quotient : 情感商數，情商（縮寫為 EQ，與 intelligence quotient 即智商相對，主要指許多無形的東西如自我意識、同情、持之以恆和在社交場合應付自如的能力
    - shed light on : Could I ask you to shed light on this case ?
    - Analysis paralysis : The state of over-analyzing (or over-thinking) a situation so that a decision or action is never taken    
    - rounding : 四捨五入
    - ripe : 熟的,成熟的,時機成熟的;成年的,年高的
    - a pain in the neck : 引申芒刺在背燙手山竽、如鯁在喉、難搞的人或是事情。
      e.g. Negotiating with customers is a pain in the neck for Betty.（對 Betty 來說，要跟客戶協商是一件難搞的事情。）
    - a shot in the dark : 形容一個人盲目臆測、瞎猜。
      e.g. Guessing what the customers need without a proper market survey is like a shot in the dark.
          （在不做正確的市場調查的情況下就盲目臆測顧客的需求，簡直猶如亂槍打鳥。）
    - 無人機 : drone / unmanned aerial vehicle（UAV）
      Amazon will soon begin using drones to deliver products.
           亞馬遜網站不久就要開始使用無人機來運送產品。
    - groundwork : 基礎；底子，根基
      A bolder change will require additional groundwork.
    - 派遣人員 : temp worker 
      Temp workers who perform well will be given permanent positions.
    - skew (adj) / lease 
      I hope to minimize the data skew from this so that the activation stats are still usable for making decisions.
    - conjure up : 使呈現於腦際（或眼簾）；想起
      The term "middleman" usually conjures up a negative image — someone who creates costs and slows things down.
    - cultivate : 耕種，耕作,栽培（作物等）；養殖（魚等）；培育,建立，加強（友誼）；結交（朋友等）
      You should think carefully about how to cultivate a location-independent second act, such as a seasonal or internet-enabled job.
    - Rolodex : 個人所有朋友，同事的名單
      rolodex : 名片盒
      remunerative : 酬報的，報償性的
      He is prepared to make a living by accepting any remunerative chore .   為了生計，他準備接受任何有酬報的雜活。      
      accrued : 累積的
      you’ll get paid more for the seniority and experience you’ve accrued. 

    - Did you mean..?、Did you just say..?、My understanding is..
      溝通上怕有誤會，也可以依據理解程度自己換句話說，再請對方確認
    - business ethics : 「企業倫理」指的是在工作場合中所應遵守的道德規範     
    - non-profit organization : The World Wildlife Fund is a non-profit organization.
    - Cupping therapy : 拔罐
      e.g. Olympic athlete, Michael Phelps uses Cupping therapy to heal the inflammation area and break up scar tissue.
    - touch base with : 和……聯繫
      e.g. I just wanted to quickly touch base with you: did you get an email from my secretary about the meeting?    
    - I am busy at work.  / We don't have enough time. / I have a problem with grammar. / I have a problem with my phone／computer.
    - What size shoes do you wear？ / What size feet do you have？    
    - Do you have it in any other sizes？（有其他尺寸嗎？）  
      What other sizes are available？（還有哪些尺寸呢？）
      Could I have the next size up／down？ （可以給我大／小一號的尺寸嗎？）
    - Have you got it in small,please？（這有沒有小號／杯的？）
    - deposit : Will I get my deposit back if I cancel my reservation?
    - 你生病了嗎？ How are you feeling? / Are you feeling ill?
    - 降低成本 cut down on the cost / lower the cost / cost reduction
      cost down isn't correct usage.
    - 小吃 : local dishes / street food
    - 一球冰淇淋 : a scoop of ice cream
    - appreciate 並不等於 thank，thank 後面接人，appreciate 後面不接人，而是接一件事。
      I appreciate the opportunity.
      Thank you for the opportunity.
    - Regards — 較沒有表示文字的溫度，可能會給人冷淡無情的感覺
      Sincerely — 有些人可能會認為有點做作
      Regards 前面也可以加上 kind, warm, best，這會使千篇一律的 Regards 更有溫度喔！
      
      應改用 Looking forward to 期待您……
      Looking forward to your reply/feedback. 靜候佳音。
            
      Thank you for your time. 感謝撥冗。
      在中文裡聽起來很有禮貌的一句話，在外籍商業人士看起來卻是非常不舒服，是聽起來自以為是、冒昧的說法。
      Thank you for considering my request. 謝謝你考慮我的要求。
      Thank you for any help you can provide. 謝謝你提供協助。
      I will appreciate your help with this situation. 很感謝你願意幫忙。
    - I am really stupid and naive. Just tell me so I can write it on this napkin what it is you do.”    

17. - throw the book at someone 嚴厲懲罰某人
      I heard the judge threw the book at the serial rapist.（我聽說法官要重判那個強姦慣犯。）
      
      what’s cooking : 怎麼了 ,跟 what’s up 還有 what’s going on 意思差不多，都是打招呼的方式。
      
      knock it off : 別鬧了, Knock it off! I’m trying to get some sleep.（別鬧了！我想要睡覺。）
      
      get a life 找點正經事做吧
      Get a life! Stop wasting your time!（找點正經事做吧！不要再浪費時間了。）
      
      in good hands 被可靠的人照料
      Dr. Lin is the best in town. You are in good hands with her.（林醫生是城裡最棒的醫生，你會被照料得很好的。）
      
      bankrupt : 破產
      Thousands of investors lost money when the company went bankrupt.
      Many businesses are facing bankruptcy.

      stay positive : 把 No 拿掉！/ 重點二：善用If
      
      Could I have a blanket？ vs Could I take a blanket 
      像是在問「能否免費索取一條毛毯帶回家」把動詞take改成have或get才不會產生誤會。
      
      Be careful with this bag. vs Be careful of this bag.
      "be careful of"這個片語，聽起來像是在說「這個袋子本身很危險，要小心」，這恐怕讓空服人員不敢去拿！請把介系詞改成with，才能準確傳達請對方「小心拿取」的意圖
      
      Please show me how to use this phone. vs Please teach me how to use this phone.
      中文說「教」，但英文可別用teach，因為它意味「花一段時間仔細教導」，空服人員恐怕沒有那麼多時間！只是要對方指點一下操作步驟，用show即可。
      
    - registered mail : 掛號信 
      The check will be sent to you by registered mail.
    - fence-sitter : 牆頭草 , 或騎牆派/
      It’s time to quit being a fence-sitter and choose sides.
      如果單純要表示「猶䂊不決」的行為，可以用sit on the fence或者on the fence等動詞片語來表示，名詞則可用fence-sitting。
    
    - incognito / doodle / gratification / paginate
    - tint / rapport / breed / boredom
    - ward / governess / pram / for your sake / stiffly / refreshment
    - What on earth ... ? (到底, 究竟怎樣) 
      What on earth are you doing ?   你到底在幹什麼呢?
    - renegade / funnel
      the cloakroom / the left luggage office / after music had ceased ...
    - adjoin / slight / disposition / immaterial : The line is immaterial, Mr. Worthig.
    - locality
18. - stand sb. up : 放鴿子 / eye drops : 眼藥水
      e.g. I had a dinner date with Jane, but she stood me up.
           If you stand me up again, I’m going to break up with you.
    - Rgular sugar > less sugar > half sugar > quarter sugar > sugar-free
      Regular ice > easy ice > ice-free
      tapioca pearl 珍珠 / grass jelly 仙草 / flan 布丁 / rat noodle 粉條
      for here 內用 / to go 外帶 / tray 用托盤 / bag 裝袋

19. - anchor : 主播
      電視新聞的主播，英文稱為anchor，或者news anchor，與其相關的字彙，還有co-anchor，也就是共同播報新聞的主播，
      而news reporter指的是一般新聞的播報員。另外，一般常聽到的host，則是指電視節目的主持人。
      Dan is studying journalism and hopes to become a news anchor. 丹正在念新聞系，他希望日後能成為一位新聞主播。
    - internship / stint / stand out / punctual / mundane / aesthetically 
      An internship is a great way to gain experience. But a short stint in a company may not be enough time to learn what you need to know, 
      impress those you work for, and secure a job recommendation or full-time offer. Here are ways to stand out:
      •	Be relentlessly punctual.
      •	Complete each task with excellence.
      •	Ask questions — good ones.
        Think of thoughtful questions you can ask that show you’re prepared for the meeting and that you respect their time.
    - as good as gold 很乖、表現很好 
      Daddy bought me a new toy for being as good as gold today.
      
      a heart of gold 好心腸、很善良
      Amy, who is always nice to everyone, has a heart of gold.
      
      worth its weight in gold 很有用的
      Professor Yeh’s lessons are worth their weight in gold.
      
    - born with a silver spoon in your mouth. 出生在有錢的家庭
      I was not born with a silver spoon in my mouth; I make my own money.
      
    - blue movie 色情電影
      There are some sex scenes in this movie, but it is not really a blue movie.
      
      blue blood 貴族血統
      The newly-wed princess is a blue-blooded member of the royalty.
      
      blue-ribbon 最高級的、最一流的 (第一名的獎項會綁上藍絲帶，故藍絲帶因而有最高級、最棒的意思。)
      Emirates Airlines provides blue-ribbon services.
      
    - be green with envy 眼紅、嫉妒
      When I heard about his new job, I was green with envy.
      
      give the green light to 准許
      
      be green 沒經驗的、新手、菜鳥
      Mark is green for this job. He still has a lot of things to learn.
      
      be green around the gills臉色蒼白
      gill (n.) 鰓，注意英文裡的「臉色蒼白」不用 “white”，要說 be green around the gills，或者可以用 pale (adj.) 蒼白的、淡的。
      Mary was green around the gills because a car almost hit her.
      
    - be yellow 膽小的、懦弱的
      Paul is yellow. You can’t count on him
      
    - in the pink 氣色很好、健康的
      
      pink slip 解雇通知
      Nick got a pink slip this morning and is packing his stuff now.
      
    - in the red 虧損、有赤字 , 赤字表虧損，相反的 in the black 則表示有盈餘
      Due to poor management, the company is currently in the red.
      
    - black and blue 遍體鱗傷、青一塊紫一塊
      Tony’s arm is black and blue after the fight.
      
      black look 怒視、瞪
      That blackguard gave the police officer who arrested him a black look.
      
      black sheep 害群之馬
      Stephanie is the black sheep of the family.
      
    - white lie 善意的謊言、無傷大雅的謊言
      Emily told a white lie at the party that she had a headache and must leave early.
      
    - select vs choose
      select=carefully choose，是經慎重考慮選出，choose是在有限的選擇裡挑選，隱含隨便挑一個看起來還OK的人出來的態度
      I didn't expect that I would be selected to lead this team.
      
    - fix vs repair
      都是表示「修理」，但前者多用在簡單的修補，後者則需要專業的技術能力，等級較高。
      If the television you purchased is within the warranty period, you may have it repaired directly in our shop.
      
    - I have to call in sick today.（我今天要請病假。）
      We ate cheeseburgers because my friend had a craving for it.
      
    - stow (v) 為「收好，放好」
      Please stow your carry-on luggage underneath the seat in front of you or in an overhead bin.
      機艙上方放置隨身行李的置物箱可用overhead compartment或overhead bin表示
      
    - evacuate (v) 疏散，名詞為evacuation
      字首e-為「out」，vac-則是「empty」的意思，所以這個字有empty out（空出）之意。
      
    - life raft (n)「救生筏」/ life vest（救生衣）、life guard（救生員）      
    - carbonated / flaky / good follow through / presumably / pill / swallow / cognizant
    - critical thinking : 批判性思考
      The exam is designed to test students’ critical thinking skills. 這項考試就是設計用來測驗學生的批判性思考能力。
      Teachers should encourage critical thinking among their students. 老師應該鼓勵學生們進行批判性思考。
    - doctorate / dissertation / let me clue you in beforehand about what it is I'll need.
      vouch / upbeat / Are you good fit for us ? / conduit / profound / janitor / dedication / attire
      cliche
    - civil servant / government employee : 公務員
      Most civil servants receive generous benefits. 多數的公務員享有豐厚的福利
    - procrastination / Bureaucratic / logjam / recurring / traits
    - weight training : 重量訓練
      槓鈴（barbell）、啞鈴（dumbbell）、重量訓練機（weight machine）
      Kelly does weight training at the gym three days a week. 凱莉每週有3天都會到健身房做重量訓練。
    - churn out : 【口】大量生產某物(通常質量惡劣); 粗製濫造
    - crap / morph / quirk / carving
    - I'm currently a little over-committed and won't be able to make the time right now.
      I'll be sure to fit this in as soon as possible.
      The terms you are offering will not work for us.
      That's not my area of expertise.
    - plummet / euphoric / disastrous / faux pas
    - blunder / stumble / skittish / exert / schmooz / rehearsed answer / debilitating 
    - eagerness : She shows great eagerness for success 
    - have the upper hand :
      Truly confident people always have the upper hand over the doubtful and the skittish because "they inspire others and they make things happen".
      
20. - Affect vs. Effect - 
      To make these words even more confusing than they already are, both can be used as either a noun or a verb.
      Let’s start with the verbs. 
      Affect means to influence something or someone; 
      effect means to accomplish something. 
      "Your job was affected by the organizational restructuring" but "These changes will be effected on Monday."
      
      As a noun, 
      an effect is the result of something: "The sunny weather had a huge effect on sales." 
      It’s almost always the right choice because the noun affect refers to an emotional state and is rarely used outside of psychological circles: "The patient’s affect was flat."
      
    - Lie vs. Lay - 
      We’re all pretty clear on the lie that means an untruth. 
      It’s the other usage that trips us up. 
      Lie also means to recline: "Why don’t you lie down and rest?" 
      Lay requires an object: "Lay the book on the table." 
      Lie is something you can do by yourself, but you need an object to lay.
      
      It’s more confusing in the past tense. 
      The past tense of lie is—you guessed it—lay: "I lay down for an hour last night." 
      And the past tense of lay is laid: “I laid the book on the table.”
      
    - Bring vs. Take - 
      Bring and take both describe transporting something or someone from one place to another, 
      but the correct usage depends on the speaker’s point of view. 
      
      Somebody brings something to you, but you take it to somewhere else: 
      "Bring me the mail, then take your shoes to your room."
      
      Just remember, if the movement is toward you, use bring; 
      if the movement is away from you, use take.
      
21. What Genuinely Confident People Do Differently :       
			Truly confident people always have the upper hand over the doubtful and the skittish because they inspire others and they make things happen.

      Your mentality has a powerful effect on your ability to succeed is seen in the results of a recent study that confident people earn higher wages and get promoted more quickly than anyone else.

      Indeed, confident people have a profound impact on everyone they encounter. 
      Yet, they achieve this only because they exert so much influence inside, on themselves.

			It's a labor of love that they pursue behind the scenes, every single day.
      And while what people are influenced by changes with the season, the unique habits of truly confident people remain constant. 
      Their focused pursuit is driven by these habits that you can emulate and absorb:

      They speak with certainty. 
      	It’s rare to hear the truly confident utter phrases such as “Um,” “I’m not sure,” and “I think.” Confident people speak assertively because they know that it’s difficult to get people to listen to you if you can’t deliver your ideas with conviction.

			They seek out small victories. 
			  Confident people like to challenge themselves and compete, even when their efforts yield small victories. 
			  Small victories build new androgen receptors in the areas of the brain responsible for reward and motivation. 
			  The increase in androgen receptors increases the influence of testosterone, 
			  which further increases their confidence and eagerness to tackle future challenges. 
			  When you have a series of small victories, the boost in your confidence can last for months.

      They exercise. 
        A study conducted at the Eastern Ontario Research Institute found that people who exercised twice a week for 10 weeks felt more competent socially, academically, and athletically. 
        They also rated their body image and self-esteem higher. 
        Best of all, rather than the physical changes in their bodies being responsible for the uptick in confidence, it was the immediate, endorphin-fueled positivity from exercise that made all the difference.

      They don't seek attention. 
        People are turned off by those who are desperate for attention. 
        Confident people know that being yourself is much more effective than trying to prove that you’re important. 
        People catch on to your attitude quickly and are more attracted to the right attitude than what, or how many, people you know. 
        Confident people always seem to bring the right attitude.

      Confident people are masters of attention diffusion. 
        When they’re receiving attention for an accomplishment, they quickly shift the focus to all the people who worked hard to help get them there. 
        They don’t crave approval or praise because they draw their self-worth from within.

      They don't pass judgment. 
        Confident people don’t pass judgment on others because they know that everyone has something to offer, 
        and they don’t need to take other people down a notch in order to feel good about themselves. 
        Comparing yourself to other people is limiting. 
        Confident people don’t waste time sizing people up and worrying about whether or not they measure up to everyone they meet.

      They get their happiness from within. 
        Happiness is a critical element of confidence, because in order to be confident in what you do, 
        you have to be happy with who you are. 
        People who brim with confidence derive their sense of pleasure and satisfaction from their own accomplishments, 
        as opposed to what other people think of their accomplishments.

      They listen more than they speak. 
        People with confidence listen more than they speak because they don’t feel as though they have anything to prove. 
        Confident people know that by actively listening and paying attention to others, they are much more likely to learn and grow. 
        Instead of seeing interactions as opportunities to prove themselves to others, they focus on the interaction itself, because they know that this is a far more enjoyable and productive approach to people.

		  They take risks. 
		    When confident people see an opportunity, they take it. 
		    Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, they ask themselves, "What’s stopping me? Why can’t I do that?" and they go for it. 
		    Fear doesn’t hold them back because they know that if they never try, they will never succeed.

      They aren't afraid to be wrong. 
        Confident people aren’t afraid to be proven wrong. 
        They like putting their opinions out there to see if they hold up because they learn a lot from the times they are wrong and other people learn from them when they’re right. 
        Self-assured people know what they are capable of and don’t treat being wrong as a personal slight.

      They celebrate other people's successes. 
        Insecure people constantly doubt their relevance, and because of this, 
        they try to steal the spotlight and criticize others in order to prove their worth. 
        
        Confident people, on the other hand, aren’t worried about their relevance because they draw their self-worth from within. 
        Instead of insecurely focusing inward, confident people focus outward, which allows them to see all the wonderful things that other people bring to the table. 
        Praising people for their contributions is a natural result of this.

22. - complimentary bus (n.) 接駁車
      在機場看到這個字就跟 shuttle bus 一樣是接駁車喔！complimentary 除了有讚美的意思以外，也有代表免費的意思。
      This shampoo package comes with a complimentary travel set!（這個洗髮精還免費贈送旅行組呢！）
    - compact (n.) 小型汽車 / (adj.) 小巧的
      如果需要租車，人數沒有太多，可以租一台小轎車。

    - branch (n.) 分公司 , 總公司叫 head office，分公司就叫做 branch office。
    - drop off (ph.) 讓…下車 , 請某人放你在哪裡下車時，可以用這個 drop someone off 的片語，非常實用喔！
      I asked the taxi driver to drop me off at the airport.（我請司機讓我在機場下車。）
      
		- 我們會play basketball（打籃球）、play badminton（打羽毛球），在很多運動前面會用play，但是做瑜珈，英文的動詞是do，"do yoga"是做瑜珈。
     （O）I do yoga on a weekly basis. 我每週做瑜珈。
      英文有三個動詞可以表示去做某種運動，go、play、do，三個不同的動詞後面接的運動性質也大不相同。
      1. go
         接在go後面的運動，都要加ing，像是go swimming游泳、go bowling打保齡球、go running跑步，
         有時候也不一定是運動，而是活動，像go shopping逛街、go fishing釣魚。
         哪些運動要用go呢? 所以只要是要到某個特別地方去做的運動，我們就用go。

      2.play
         有比賽性質的運動，團體競賽、球類運動都用play。
         打電動叫做play computer games，下西洋棋用play chess，這些運動都有競爭的本質。
      
      3.do
         Do後面加運動，指的你一個可以單獨完成的運動，
         而且這種運動的目的經常是為了養生、強身，目的不在競賽，像瑜珈、太極、有氧運動之類的活動。

      4. Do sports還是play sports？Practice可以嗎？
         假如是籠統的sports，要用do sports還是play sports都可以。
         英國人習慣用do sports，美國人愛用play sports。來看對話例句：

         Q：What sports do you do？（你做什麼運動？）
         A：I play tennis（我打網球。）

         我們也常聽到學生談到做運動時用"practice"。可以用practice代替do或play嗎？

         Practice的意思是「練習」，在西班牙文裡，他們真的就講"practice sports"，英文聽起來不太自然。
         因為在英文裡practice有「練習」、「準備」，train的意思，例如：

         The team is practicing for tomorrow's competition.（團隊在為明天的賽事做準備。）
				 我們當然可以practice yoga、practice Tai Chi，強調是在「練習」，意思和do又有一點差別了。      

    - Take drugs最常見的解釋就是「吸毒」，當然，老外最常用use drugs來指「吸毒」。
      為了避免人想入非非，服藥就用「take medicine」。
      I have to take medicine. （O）


    1.你回來之前我會代理你的職務。
      I will take your job until you get back.（X）
      I will fill in for you until you get back.（O）
      聽到你這麼說，同事可能就不敢去休假了，因為"take your job"意味著你要取代他的工作。
      暫代別人的工作，有一個很管用的片語，叫做"fill in for"。
      Fill in原意是填空，那人不在，你就補了進去，意思契合，for後面加一個人。

    2.我的父母親是自由戀愛結婚的。
      Our parents were free love and then married.（X）
      My parents’ marriage was on the basis of romantic love.（O）

      Free是自由，love是戀愛，很多人想當然耳free love是自由戀愛，西方人根本沒有媒妁之言、所有的戀愛都是自由戀愛。
      "Free love"指「自由性愛，不愛婚姻約束的兩性」。維基百科上的解釋是：
      Free love is a social movement that rejects marriage, which is seen as a form of social and financial bondage.
      （Free love是一個拒絕婚姻的社會運動，藉此擺脫社會和財務的束縛。）自由戀愛不好說成英文，可以轉換一下，他們是以戀愛為基礎結婚的。

     3.總經理下班了。
       The general manager is not working at this moment.（X）
       The general manager is out of work.（X）
       The general manager has got off work. （O）

       當我們說一樣東西not working，意思是它不靈光了、壞掉了。例如：The computer is not working. （電腦有問題。）
       當我們說某人"out of work"意思是他離開工作、失業了，unemployed、jobless的意思。
       下班的英文是"Get off work"。

23. Let one’s hair down也可指態度上的不再設防，亦即「全然放鬆自己」或者「完全不再拘謹」。
    除此之外，這個英文成語還可指談吐上的不再設防，亦即「吐露真言」或者「道出心事」。
    
    dividend :【經】紅利；股息 
    The company declared a large dividend at the end of the year .   公司在年底宣布紅利甚豐。
    
    doomsday : 世界的末日;危機時刻; 危難事件
      grooming / tuition / flourishing / solvent

24. here today, gone tomorrow : said about something that lasts only a short time
      A lot of new internet companies are here today and gone tomorrow.
      
      if something or someone is here today, gone tomorrow, they only exist or stay in one place for a short time.
       He had a string of girlfriends, but they were always here today, gone tomorrow.
25. lose one’s temper : 發飆
    get angry僅能用來表示「某人生氣了」的意思，
    如果要描述更強烈的生氣程度，像是「動怒、發飆」，可以用lose one’s temper來表示，
    而lose it是更為口語化的說法，
    如果想要用英文表示「暴跳如雷」的意思，可以說fly off the handle。
    其它與生氣相關的英文說法，還有表示「抓狂」的flip out，
    「勃然大怒」的blow up、blow one’s top，
    「氣到發火」的hit the ceiling，以及
    「怒氣衝天、大發雷霆」的go ballistic。    
    The boss lost his temper when he saw the monthly sales report. 老闆在看了月銷售報表，就整個人動怒了。
    Mike lost it when he saw his girlfriend kissing another guy. 邁克在看到自己的女友親吻了另一個男人，就發飆了。
    
    Some people equate good listening with sitting silently, nodding, making eye contact, 
    and, when the speaker is done, paraphrasing what you heard. 
    But these things are only part of what makes someone feel that you heard them. 
    The best listeners go deeper by trying to understand the substance of what the other person is saying. 
    Doing this requires that you ask questions to clarify your understanding and push the other person to better articulate their position, 
    examine any assumptions they’re making, and see the issues in new light. 
    You should also try to empathize with and validate any emotions the speaker is conveying. 
    Once you’ve made sure the person feels supported, you can offer some thoughts and ideas about the topic that could be useful to the other person. 
    Just be careful not to highjack the conversation so that you or your agenda becomes the subject of the discussion.
    
26. intimidating / mind-blowing (extremely exciting or surprising:)

27. enough這個字，只要句子的主詞是代名詞，像it/there/that/this，它才能夠當作補語，例如：That’s enough. Thank you. （夠了，謝謝。）
    只要主詞不是代名詞，enough的後面都要接一個名詞
    There isn’t enough budget for the project. （Ｏ）
    Our budget is not enough for the project. （Ｘ）
    
    BID（break it down 細分明細）
    COB（close of business 下班時）
    EOB（end of business 下班時）
    EOD（end of day 今天以內）
    DOE（depending on experience 視工作經驗而定）
    ETA（estimated time of arrival 預計到達時間）
    FYI（for your information 供你參考（郵件常用）
    FYR（for your reference 供你參考）
    OOO（out of office 不在辦公室）
    TBA（to be announced 待公佈）
    
28. 插隊的英文是 cut in line，叫他不要插隊之後，還要請他去排隊的話，英文可以說 wait in line。
    Hey, DO NOT cut in line!（喂！不要插隊！） /  Wait in line, PLEASE!（請你排隊！）
    
    bargain 除了有「討價還價」的意思，在當名詞使用時也指「物美價廉的東西」！
    I highly recommend this restaurant. Its spaghetti is an absolute bargain! / （我超推薦這家餐廳。他的義大利麵 CP 值高到破表！）
    
    阿宅的英文是 homebody，沒有貶義也沒有褒義，單純就是指你只想窩在家的狀態；
    不過御宅族 otaku 就常常會帶有一點點貶義了，形容人除了宅之外，還意指缺乏社交技能。
    Stop being a homebody! Let’s go to a movie tomorrow! / （不要再宅了好嗎？明天一起去看電影啦！）    
    You are such a slacker!（你很雷欸！）
    放閃的英文是 Public Display of Affection 公開展示恩愛，簡稱 PDA ！
    Oh Jesus, NO PDA in my house! It’s really annoying. / （天啊，不要在我屋裏放閃！我很困擾欸。）
    His tongue is always glib. You can just ignore him.（他講話超油的！你直接忽略他就可以了。）
    
    Give me a break! I just wanna veg now.（饒了我吧，我現在只想耍廢！）
    Ahh, you just suffered from a wardrobe malfunction. You should be more cautious!（呃，你剛不小心走光了，小心一點！）
    
    「這太誇張了啦！」這句話的英文不是我們平常講「你太 over 了啦！」直譯的 You’re too over! 
    而是要說 It’s over the top! 或 That’s ridiculous!
    而且這句型不單可以用在說別人講話誇張，也可以拿來表達對某人行為的看法，超級實用！
    You know, I met Adam Levine yesterday, and he invited me to his private party this weekend.（你知道嗎，我昨天遇到亞當 (魔力紅主唱)，然後他就邀請我參加他週末的派對。）
    That’s ridiculous! I don’t believe it!（這太誇張了啦，我才不會相信！）

29. 冷場 : awkward silence
    There was an awkward silence after Jason told his joke. / 在傑森說了冷笑話後，整個氣氛頓時冷場。
    The candidate’s speech was met with an awkward silence. / 這位候選人的演說讓會場的氣氛整個冷場。
 
30. frugal : 節儉
     Robert lives a simple, frugal lifestyle. / 羅伯特過著簡單、節儉的生活型態。
     There is nothing to be afraid of. / He is afraid of losing the account.
     Be afraid to和be afraid of意思稍稍有差別，
     Be afraid to : 不敢做，害怕做，怕做了會有什麼不好的後果;
       I was afraid to offend him.（because he might hit me）
     be afraid of : 擔心某事可能會發生，心裡很不願意這件事發生.
       I was afraid of offending his feelings.（because I had no wish to do so）
       
    embezzlement : 盜用、挪用，英文解釋為to appropriate fraudulently to one’s own use, as money or property entrusted to one’s care（在信任人所託之下，受信任者利用其職詐騙管轄下的土地資產為其個人所用，即盜用資金財產。）。
     cook the book(s) : 口語英文「作假帳」，這裡的the book(s)指的是帳本而非書本。
     to close the books : 來自公司會計習慣, 年底時，把公司的帳目結算好，做到收支平衡，從而結束一年的帳務。
     但是這個用語已經超越了會計的範圍，它可以用於其它各個方面，意思是「結束了一項任務、一個計劃或一個工程」，這同樣是個比較口語的用法。
     It can be difficult to close the book on something you’ve worked on for so long.
     
31. 6 Mental Toughness Techniques from the NAVY Seals
   1. Technique #1: Eat the Elephant :    
      Break down any daunting task into immediate, bite-sized objectives. Ideally, they should fit into a 24-hour window. 
      Focus only on completing one at a time. Avoid considering the whole.
      
   2. Technique #2: Visualize Success
      Good visualizations have the following qualities:
         - Vivid and detailed. 
         - Repetition.
         - Positive Imagery. 
         - Imagine Consequences.
         
      The next time you have a big, stressful event coming up, use visualizations to imagine yourself succeeding.
    
   3. Technique #3: Emotional Control
      4 by 4 for 4:
      Breathe in for 4 seconds
      Breathe out for 4 seconds
      Repeat for 4 minutes
      Use simple breathing exercises to switch off your stress hrmones and prep the body for relaxation.
      
      This helps if you do meditation already, but the next time you catch yourself feeling stressed, stop and take several deep breaths. 
      Bestselling author Tim Ferriss recommends stopping everything and taking a simple 3 breaths before going on with your day.
      
   4. Technique #4: Nonreactivity
      We can’t control what happens in our outside world, but we can control our interpretation of it.
      
      Take an active look at how you are interpreting external events. Once you recognize it, challenge that view. 
      Try to reframe any negative views into more positive ones. See “bad” events as a challenge for you to go out there and improve yourself.
      
   5. Technique #5: Small Victories
      Small victories keep morale high. And high morale feeds forward into more high morale. 
      It creates a virtuous circle of positivity for doing good work.
      
   6. Technique #6: Find Your Tribe (and Necessity)
      
32. Aries 牡羊座 / 白羊座 ; Sagittarius 射手座 ; Taurus 金牛座 ; Virgo 處女座 ; Capricorn 摩羯座; Libra 天秤座 
    Aries are adventurous, and they tend to create new opportunities for their teams.
    generous （adj.）慷慨的 / adventurous / quick-tempered （adj.）情緒起伏大、翻臉比翻書還快的
    
    broad-minded （adj.） 心胸寬大的 / bossy （a.） 獨斷、專橫的 / restless （adj.） 焦躁的 / inflexible （adj.） 不知變通的
    神經質 （paranoid）/ fussy （adj.） 吹毛求疵、龜毛的 ; 
    prudent （adj.） 謹慎的 (謹慎小心，除了常用的 careful 外，你還可以說 prudent ，更有思慮周全、節儉之意)
    self-disciplined （adj.） 自律的 / superficial （adj.） 膚淺 / self-indulgent （adj.） 任性的
    humanitarian （adj.） 博愛的、人道主義的 / intractable （adj.） 不服從的、難以駕馭的 / obsessive （adj.） 佔有慾強的、有強迫症的
    
    稱職（的）competent : 在英文中，則可以用competent或者capable來表示稱職。反之，如果無法勝任工作，則可用incompetent來表示。
    
    Susan is a very competent bookkeeper. / 蘇珊是一個非常稱職的計帳員。
    Steven has shown himself to be a competent manager. / 史帝夫已用實際行動證明他是一個稱職的管理者。
    
33. 估價 / estimate
    Can you give us an estimate for the repairs? / 你可以幫我們估一下修繕的費用嗎？
    The plumber’s estimate for the job seemed rather high. / 這個水電工的估價似乎有點高。
    
34. The Grit Scale measures mental strength, which is that unique combination of passion, tenacity, 
    and stamina that enables you to stick with your goals until they become a reality.
    
35. Never let the merely urgent get in the way of the truly important.
    I do have the philosophy that anything I do is worth doing well; that a half-baked product is really a waste of time.
    
36. Let's get together soon.
   （你以為）我們盡快聚一聚吧。/ （其實是）我們找時間聚聚吧。
    soon確實是「盡快」，但老美用這個字時不帶有急迫性，僅表達「近期」之意；
    若是「盡快、馬上」，會用as soon as possible、at the first chance等片語。

    e.g：I will likely be relocated by the end of this year. Let’s get together soon.（年底前我就要調職了，我們找一天聚聚吧。）

   That is a good reason.
  （你以為）那是個好理由。/ （其實是）那理由還可以。
   good雖意為「好」，但在一些情境下good並不是讚美，更像剛好及格、尚可接受的程度。
   因此若真的要表達讚賞，用great、excellent較不會有疑義。
   e.g. Your reason for being late to work sounds good to me.（你上班遲到的理由聽起來還在可以接受的範圍內。 ）

   Please go easy on resources we can get.
   （你以為）請自在使用我們可獲得的資源。/ （其實是）請節約使用我們可獲得的資源。
   easy意指「容易、自在」，尤其go easy這句慣用語後面接人物受格的話，就是指「寬容對待、寬大處理」；
   但接事物受格時，卻是要你「小心對待、節約使用」。

   e.g. In order to protect the environment, we should go easy on natural resources.（為了保護環境，我們應該節約使用自然資源。）
   
37. confidante 閨蜜 :
    中文俗稱的「手帕交」，或者「姐妹淘」，在英文中，可用confidante來表示；至於男性間，關係要好的「哥兒們」，通常會以buddy來稱呼。
    Huma Abedin is Hillary Clinton’s aide and confidante. / 阿貝丁不僅是希拉蕊的助手，也是他的閨蜜。
    
38. 瓶頸 obstacle :
    用obstacle來表示阻礙事情發展的東西，也就是「障礙物」之意。其同義字有barrier、hindrance、impediment等。
    另外，像bottleneck這個單字，雖然中文被譯作「瓶頸」，但大多數都是用來表示交通流量的瓶頸。
    There are many obstacles on the road to success. / 在通往成功的道路上，充滿了很多瓶頸。
    The Wright Brothers had a talent for overcoming technical obstacles. / 懷特兄弟具有克服技術上之障礙的能力。                 
    
39. Mail 主旨應清楚明確, e.g.「The next meeting will be on Monday at 9am.」（下次會議在周一早上9點舉行）。
   一封郵件最好只寫一件事，如果有兩件事要講，可以分成兩封信寫。
   
   稱謂應先正式後輕鬆，第一次寄信給對方時，Mr./Ms. 後面要接全名或姓氏，
   e.g. Ms. Susan Johnson or Mr. Smith；Mr./Ms. 
        後面只加名字是錯誤的寫法，例如：Ms. Susan。
        
   書信往返兩次之後就可以直呼對方名字，
   e.g. Dear John/Hi, Susan。
   
   若是要寫給某公司或機構裡不知名的對象，可以寫：「To whom it may concern」或直接寫「Dear 公司名」。

  「問候對方」的寫法：
   I hope all is well with you.（希望您一切都好。）
   I'm Tom Chang from Managertoday in Taipei.（我是台北《經理人月刊》的張湯姆。）
   I'd really appreciate it if you could give me details of your latest products.（希望您提供貴公司最新的產品資訊。）

  「感謝幫忙」的寫法：
   Thank you for your time the other day.（前幾天謝謝你撥冗參加會議。）
   We believe our meeting went very well.（會議進行得非常順利。）
   We look forward to doing business with you in the near future.（希望未來有機會合作。）

   用we取代I的寫法表示：不是寫信者個人的意見，而是公司的意見。

  「預約時間」的寫法：
   We need to get together to discuss the new project.（我們該找時間談談新的專案。）
   Do you have time tomorrow afternoon?（明天下午有空嗎？）
   Let me know if you're available.（讓我知道你這時間是否方便。）
   商務場合裡經常會用到available和suit，第3句也可替換為：「What time would suit you best?」(何時對你最方便？)
   電話中要找某人可問：「Is Mr. Smith available?」（史密斯先生方便說話嗎？）

 「請對方與自己聯絡」的寫法：
  Thank you for your inquiry.（謝謝您的詢問。）
  Please find attached the document.（請參閱隨信附上的文件。）
  If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.（有任何問題請，不吝與我們聯絡。）
  第2句是商業書信常用句，第3句也可替換為：「If there is anything, please let me know.」（有任何問題，請讓我知道。）

 「表達歉意」的寫法：
  I'd like to report on the progress.（我想報告目前專案進度。）
  I'm afraid I have to let you know that we won’t be able to meet the deadline.（我很抱歉必須通知你，我們無法趕上截止期限。）
  We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you.（造成您的不便，我們致上歉意。）    

40. Four key things people who get promoted do — and, unfortunately, there’s no rushing this process.
    - Stay present. 
      The most important way to prove you’re ready for a new position is to become the very best you can be in your current role. 
      In an organization, everyone knows who the high performers are — so be a high performer. 
      You may not think people are paying attention, but there are discussions all the time about who’s killing it, 
      who’s surpassing expectations, who’s staying late. Focus on doing the job, and the visibility will come.
    
    - Be inquisitive and helpful. 
      The people most likely to be rewarded say things like "let me know if you have any other projects you need help with" 
      or "let me know if you need me to stay late to finish that up." 
      People respond to workers who are proactive, communicate their interest in going above and beyond, 
      and want to be exposed to different kinds of work. 
      Investigate and pursue new opportunities and don’t just show up for the 9–5.
    
    - Own your performance. 
      Recently a coworker expressed her frustration with the use of the word pilot in business today. 
      Because pilots often fail, people use the term as a crutch and sometimes as an excuse for their underperformance or misstep. 
      Failure is fine. It may be some tough medicine, but the most important thing you can do in the face of failure is to own it. 
      Failures come with consequences, so don’t take it lightly, use the opportunity to learn something, 
      and move on with more clarity around what you want to accomplish.
    
    - Do more. 
      Most of us have heard the Woody Allen quote, "80 percent of success is just showing up." 
      Well, the people who get promoted do the other 20 percent. 
      These people care about results the same way they care about what college their son or daughter gets into. 
      They work at their job the way they work at their marriage or their physical health. 
      Whatever is most important to you personally, put the same level of dedication and investment into your work. 
      Again, it won’t go unnoticed.
      
    There’s no question that this is hard work. 
    But it’s necessary work for those trying to climb ladders — to ensure they are at the intersection of preparedness and opportunity when the time arises.

41.  insomnia (失眠):
      A study has found that smartphones can cause insomnia.
      The doctor prescribed the patient sleeping pills for his insomnia.
      
     wish vs. hope :
      Hope :凡是我們希望某事發生，即可使用hope , hope後面接that子句，但that本身可省略。
				I hope (that) I’ll pass the test.（我希望考試及格。）
      Wish : 
        1. 最常見的用法，是「祝福」，句式是wish + object + (adjective) noun
        We wish you a merry Xmas.（祝你聖誕節快樂）
        wish 後面不接that子句，所以我們不能說I wish (that) he has a merry Xmas. 這句必須改為I wish him a merry Xmas.
        
        2. wish當「希望」用
        wish當「希望」時，指「但願某事已發生或沒發生」。把wish說出口時，事情已發生且事與願違。（跟 hope 是相反的！）
        考試前，還不知道考試結果：I hope that I’ll pass the test.（我真希望我可以通過考試。）
        考試後，知道考試結果：I wish I had passed the test.>>But I didn’t （我真希望我可以通過考試）>>事實上我並沒有通過考試
        注意 wish 例句，動詞的用法，要用的是假設語氣！假設語氣裡，無關人稱、時態或單複數，Be動詞一定要用were！其他也要用過去式！

        I wish (that) I were Eddie Peng.（如果我是彭于晏就好了）
        I wished I hadn’t been late.（我那時沒遲到就好了！）>>但我遲到了，被女朋友大罵一頓
        
        3. wish的另一意思是「想 / 要」，後面要接to + infinitive
        Study harder if you wish to get better grades.（想學業進步，你就要更努力學習。）
        4. wish + for + 名詞
        I’m wishing for a new dress for my birthday.（我希望生日能收到一件新的洋裝。）
        They are wishing for a miracle.（他們盼望著奇蹟。）
        
        簡單統整：
				1. hope + that 子句
				   後接有可能發生的事情，所以用一般時態。未來的情況就用未來式，如果已完成就用完成式。
				   I hope everything is going well with you.（我希望你一切順利。）
				2. wish ＋ that 子句
				   後面陳述的事實是「不可能改變的事情」，和現在事實相反或和過去事實相反。
				   I wish (that) we could be together.（我多希望我們能在一起。）      
				   
	「便當」正確的英文是boxed lunch（裝在盒裡的午餐）或packed lunch（裝好的午餐）。兩者皆可，只是前者通常指放在紙盒裡的午餐。
	 「漢堡」的英文可以是"hamburger"或"burger"。但前者是「牛肉漢堡」，後者則亦可定義為「有著漢堡外型、用特定食材製成的菜餚」。因此，可別認為"chicken burger"裡有牛肉喔！
	 
42. seminar / 研討會 :
    All employees are required to attend the training seminar. / 所有員工都需要參與這個訓練研討會。
    
    50 Ways I Want to Live My Life
      01. When you meet someone new, use their name when talking with them In general.
      02. Never be indifferent, it is the worst quality a person can possess There’s a pretty bomb speech by Elie Wiesel at the White House about this. 
          He says indifference is worse than hatred. Hatred can at least evoke a response that can be used for good. 
          The problem is that many of us are raised to be indifferent. 
          When we see someone with a different background than us, we were told to be "colorblind." 
          Sometimes I hear people say things like "I don’t care if someone is gay, they can do whatever they want." 
          At surface level, this thinking might seem admirable. 
          However, it turns a blind eye to the hardships that other people often deal with when they come from marginalized background. 
          You should recognize what people go through, support them, offer your love, and be anything but indifferent. 
          Change has never come from the people who were indifferent.
      03. Make eye contact while talking with someone As obvious as it is, you would be amazed how poorly people follow this advice. 
          Gazing off in the distance during a conversation destroys any chance you have of coming across as charismatic. 
          So look down the barrel, people will be transfixed by your subtle confidence. 
          If that’s too much for you, just focus on their lower forehead, most people won’t notice.
      04. If someone invites you to something, be the person to say "I’m there" not "I’ll try" Not only is decisiveness a trait that makes you seem more interesting, 
          it is a courteous thing to do. There is no friend better than the one you can rely to show up.
          
      05. Sing out loud and don’t be afraid to dance.
          There is no debate that singing and dancing are intrinsic parts of human history. 
          What’s the worst that will happen from doing them? 
          If you’re with others, either they admire your enthusiasm and confidence (or skills?) or they think something negative about you which means they’re a dick and you needn’t concern yourself with them.
      
      06. Save as much money as you possibly can and invest it.
          Compound interest is the best friend you will ever make.
      
      07. Books make the best gifts, especially with notes in the covers Used books can literally cost a dollar. 
          Yet, giving someone a good book can open their minds, provide them with hours of entertainment, 
          and associates you with their experience and memories of the book. That’s quite the return on $1.
       
      08. You are not as busy as you say you are So stop telling people that. 
          You have the same number of hours in a day as Elon Musk, and Mark Zuckerberg (who still reads a book every other week). 
          Quit making excuses and quit wasting time and quit humble bragging to your friends about how busy you are.
          
      09. Read at least a book a month This is realistic no matter how fast you can read. 
          Life is short, cliche but true, and there are infinite experiences you will never be able to have. 
          Reading will exponentially increase the number by opening your brain to different stories, perspectives, 
          and ideas you will miss out on otherwise.
          
      10. Run at least a mile every single day One mile is nothing. 
          Even if you’re slow, you can pound this out in under 15 minutes. 
          You don’t need to get ready, just throw on some shoes and go. 
          It gives you something to accomplish every day, leaves you feeling like you are a million bucks, 
          and gives you a platform to work on improving yourself. 
          Not to mention the health benefits. Doing this your whole life will literally make you live forever. 
          I like running, but I guess swimming or biking is cool too.
          
      11. Buy clothes too expensive for you that you absolutely love.
          If they are just out of the range you are comfortable spending, you will 
          A) be less likely to buy more clothes after 
          B) be more likely to take proper care of the garment 
          C) actually wear it because you love it. 
          Not to mention the fact that it will probably be higher quality as well. 
          Better to have one beautiful sweater you absolutely love than two crappy ones you don’t wear.
          
      12. When talking to someone, ask more questions than you answer. 
          People like to talk. Even the quiet ones. If you want people to like you, ask them questions. 
          The most interesting people are the ones who make you feel like the most interesting person.
          
      13. Write every day.
          It can be a novel. It can be a journal. It can be an article. 
          Writing is a skill worth having, as it has been since our ability to do so. 
          Furthermore, writing is a muscle and needs to be exercised regularly if you want to be good at it. 
          Communicating verbally is important, but close behind is the importance of being able to do so with a pen. 
          Even if no one ever reads it, this can be a form of meditation, outlining your thoughts and ideas, and helping you to form a more clear picture of who you are and what you think.
          
      14. When you find yourself surrounded by people you don’t know, introduce yourself with smile.
          All too often, people find themselves at a party or hanging out with friends or even sitting at a lunch table, 
          and they don’t introduce themselves. They hang in the background, unsure whether they belong. 
          It takes courage, but you will never regret meeting new people, 
          and it will without a doubt make you feel more comfortable in any given situation if you know everyone’s name and they know yours.

      15. If you see someone wearing something you think looks cool, tell them.
          It’s easy to make someone’s day. So take advantage of every opportunity. It makes everyone, including yourself, feel better.

      16. When you have someone to your home, offer them food and drink It sucks being hungry and it sucks being thirsty. 
         This is just being a good host, and it goes a long way for shaping someone’s perception of you. 
         Be a gracious host and people will return the favor.
         
      17. Only go out to eat at restaurants you absolutely love.
          Don’t waste your time with okay places. The money you save by picking a cheaper option you don’t like as much is not worth it. 
          Instead, just don’t go out as much. One great meal is worth five mediocre ones. 
          So go somewhere where you will genuinely appreciate the food and where it will improve your day, week, hey maybe even life.
          
      18. Don’t talk about your income, your test scores, or any other quantitative measure we mistakenly associate with success.
          What good could possibly come of it? You either make someone feel bad because you are doing better than them or you end up feeling bad yourself because someone else is doing better than you. 
          Furthermore, it only perpetuates the idea that success in life can be quantitatively recorded.
          
      19. When you want to go on a date with someone, ask them on a date.
          No frills, no asking their friends if they’re interested, no over-thinking it. 
          Be honest with them and be honest with yourself. If they can’t handle such openness, they probably aren’t your best option.
          
      20. Let people be generous towards you.
          Don’t put up a fight when a friend pays for your lunch. 
          Say "thank you" and remember to be generous yourself in the future. 
          Create a cycle and a culture of generosity in your life.
          
      21. Have opinions, defend them, be willing to change them People with opinions are more interesting than those without. 
          They lead to decisiveness and confidence and force you to learn to argue about what you believe. 
          When you’re talking to someone new and ask them what sort of music they’re into, 
          if they say "All music," or "rock music," it is infinitely less interesting and will end any chance of leading way into a more thoughtful conversation than if they say "Oh I fucking love the NYC indie DIY pop scene." The key is being able to admit if you’re opinion is proven invalid or being able to appreciate the people who disagree. Everyone will like you more for it.
          
Play an instrument Do not say you don’t have talent or time. Do not say it doesn’t interest you. Making music is a pretty integral role to the human experience. You don’t need to play an instrument “well” as long as you try. Singing counts too. But anyways, playing an instrument, whatever it may be, is as valuable as learning a new language because music is a language itself. It enables you to communicate and connect with both yourself and other people in a new way and is something not worth missing out on.
Learn to code (a little bit) I’m not saying you need to learn how to make an app or get a degree in it. In fact, there is most definitely a fetishization of computer programming in our culture. However, when you look at how much our society relies on technology, it’s totally bogus if you don’t think it’s valuable to learn a tiny bit about how code works. There are endless online resources and you can pick up the basics of Python literally in an afternoon. You don’t need to apply it, but it is worth your time to know because it will increase both your appreciation for and understanding of the world around you.
Learn another language This is really hard, and I sure have yet to do it, but if there is one common trend across all of the self-help listicles on Medium, it’s that learning a foreign language is worth your time. I can’t speak to this, but I sure believe it. Without a doubt it will open your mind and expose you to more of the world. What really blows my mind is how there are words with certain meanings in some languages that literally don’t have a translation to others. Thus, knowing more languages increases one’s ability to articulate their thoughts and emotions and that is valuable.
Have at least one goal to accomplish every day, and no more than three It doesn’t need to be “cure cancer.” It can be as simple as “put on pants today.” The point is that you can end your day knowing that you achieved what you set out to do. It gives you direction and if you write it down, it holds you accountable. More than three and you end up with conflicting priorities which leads to procrastination. Keep it simple.
Write down your thoughts at least once per week Get a journal. All the historically significant people kept them, so there’s probably something to gain from it. You don’t need to overthink this either. Just sit down for at least five minutes once per week (no one is too busy for that) and write down a stream of consciousness. It helps you iron out what is floating around your brain and helps relieve any pent up emotions you should be articulating to someone but haven’t. You don’t need to read it ever again, as long as you write it. Plus this can count for your daily writing.
Every day, write, call, or text someone you care about and ask how their day is going The people you have relationships with are the most important thing in your life. You can go decades chasing other things and realize this on your deathbed, or you can just acknowledge it now. Plenty of people have made that first mistake and fortunate for us, we have plenty of wisdom passed down to reinforce it. Some things are worth learning over the course of your life, while others like this are better to just realize right now. So show people you care. Once every day, reach out to someone in your family or one of your friends and just catch up. You don’t need to schedule lunch or talk about “eventually getting together” because that is more than necessary. All you need to do is ask how they are doing in a sincere way. It just takes a few minutes a day to maintain your relationships. There are few things in life with such a huge return on investment.
Find a way to see the world It can seem expensive or unable to fit in your hectic life, but this is a consistent item on everyone’s list of life advice and one you should probably heed. Reading and watching and listening to different mediums will help expand your view of the world, but will never replace experiencing different cultures at ground zero. I am still early in my travels, but if I’ve learned one thing, it’s that the world is a hell of a lot bigger than it can sometimes seem from the view in your backyard.
BUT you don’t need to travel the world to find deeper experiences and meaning This is a common misconception lots of young people seem to have. That you need to backpack through Europe or something to uncover a piece of yourself. Well as dope as backpacking over the Alps sounds, if I’ve learned one thing from the wisdom of people more experienced than myself, it’s that if you can’t discover yourself at home, you won’t do it atop Mt Kilimanjaro. Self discovery comes from within (hence the “self” part). There is culture and experiences to be had all around you, whether you live in a small town in northern Wisconsin or in New York City. One thing I see constantly that I find bothersome is the way people right here in my home (Minneapolis) think that real culture is waiting to be discovered at all these other places. Our home is full of it! We have a world class music scene, culinary scene, museums, sports, and so much more. You can literally see Picasso’s and Van Gogh’s at the MIA here for FREE. You can catch local bands at intimate and nationally recognized venues for dirt cheap. We have endless bike and running paths and parks to adventure on and you have no reason to complain. Sorry, had to make a plug for the Twin Cities.
Any statement that starts with “No offense, but…” is not worth making This doesn’t need an explanation. What are you trying to accomplish if you’re telling someone that? I can think of no best case scenario. You will always look like a dick.
Correcting people when they’re wrong is rarely worth it Here’s a hypothetical that I’ve seen variations of a million times (often myself making the mistake): you’re out to dinner with a bunch of friends, some you know well, others you don’t. This dude says something about how pandas are endangered and it really worries him because he’s such a saint who cares so much about nature. Of course, you know that pandas are not still considered to be endangered, so you say “yo dude, actually pandas aren’t endangered as of like a week ago.” What did this accomplish? Do you feel intellectually superior now? Well you made that dude feel like a fool and all you got in return is everyone at the table thinking you’re annoying for feeling compelled to make your intellectual dominance known. Lose, lose situation. Rare is the occasion where correcting someone about little facts will prove a benefit to you.
Complaining is okay, though moderation is good There’s a certain person who loves to remind you whenever you are complaining about a shitty day that “there are kids starving in Africa.” A totally true statement. You should definitely recognize the privilege in your life and how your problems tend to be insignificant in the grand scheme of things. However, life is relative, so don’t feel bad about the occasional gripe over a bad day. If you compare your grievances to someone in an obviously worse situation than yourself, you’ll end up in a vicious cycle, because there’s no doubt you could compare that unfortunate individuals hardships to someone who has it even worst and so on. In the end, that would mean the only person who could complain about anything would be the one with the worst life in the world. The system falls apart. So, although complaining too much can definitely be unhealthy and lead to cynicism, don’t feel bad about it.
Breaking bread with someone is a special thing to do, so appreciate it This goes back throughout human history. It’s a sign of peace and friendship and people need to appreciate it more. So just make sure you thoroughly enjoy the next time you share a meal with someone.
Hold the door for people, say thank you when they do for you It’s a simple thing to do, but sometimes simple gestures go a long ways. Adding this because I really appreciate it when people hold the door for me. I mean they are basically saying that wherever they are going to can wait while they make your life just a tiny tiny bit easier. More powerful than you may think.
Don’t be afraid to do things by yourself Go to the movies alone, see a concert alone, grab a nice dinner by yourself. I wish I did this more. There’s this social stigma that you need others to accompany you when you go to these sorts of cultural events. It’s really unfortunate, because a lot of things can be appreciated in a unique way when you are by yourself. Just you and your food will probably make you think harder about the chef’s artistry in preparing your meal. A museum observed alone will give you a chance to think more deeply about the work without distraction.
Don’t litter Okay I don’t know anyone who throws cigarettes on the sidewalk when they’re done or who tosses their McDonald’s wrapper in the grass, but they’ve got to exist because I walk around and see their shit everywhere. What could you people possibly be thinking? It’s childish, rude, and just about every other negative adjective out there. So do not contribute. If you’re really a great person, pick the crap up.
Make big requests from other people, but not too often It’s a scary thing asking someone for anything big. But the truth is that these are the requests that can benefit you the most. If the person you ask comes through, it helps strengthen your bond with them (presuming you give appropriate thanks) because they feel like they contributed to your wellbeing and are thus invested in you. Sometimes the things we need in life are just a question away. Don’t be afraid to ask it.
Get a healthy amount of sleep It seems like everyone I know claims they can operate at 100% averaging 6 hours of sleep a night. Well that is bullshit. Some researchers at UC San Fran published this study where they found only 3% of people can be perfectly healthy with only 6 hours per night. I have no doubt plenty of you reading this believe you are in that group. Well, you’re probably not. Less time spent being more productive is worth way more than the inverse. So lights out.
Keep up with the news, but not too up It’s important to know what’s going on in the world. However, that being said, there is such a wealth of information out there at your fingertips that it can easily cloud your brain and prove a distraction. Avoid TV news. It’s filled with fillers and bogus. Instead, just check Google News every morning and you should be set.
Eat at least one (green) vegetable every day I could definitely have a bunch of items about healthy eating. It’s really important. However, life can be demanding and good food can be expensive and time consuming to prepare, so at the very least, commit yourself to eating at least one green veggie every single day. Better yet, just eat it raw, making it more healthy and saving time. I like to eat a few handfuls of spinach every night. That way, no matter what I ate that day, I can say “hey, at least I had my veggies.”
Forgive, and admit when you’re wrong before anyone else It’s hard to fight with someone who is apologizing and says they are wrong. In most cases, you’ll be better off just apologizing and moving on. In the one’s that you’re not, hopefully the other person will have read this list and will practice number 43.
Drink lots of water (like 100 oz) every day Again, it’s pretty simple. We’re made up of mostly water, so it makes sense. Helps keep you healthy and functioning at a high level. And it quenches your thirst so you won’t be tempted by water’s evil cousin, water with sugar (soda).
Don’t look down on other people because of their life trajectory I hate to get more general here, but the point I’m specifically thinking of has to do with college. If someone did not go to college, that’s cool. What do you have to gain from judging them negatively for it?
There is nothing more worth your time than talking It’s pretty much all I do. Find a friend and talk. Think. Articulate. It’s even more fun if you do so while walking somewhere neat or at a dope restaurant. If you can stay satisfied by the little things like this, life will be easier.
Your job does NOT have to be your passion There’s a lot of stuff out there about this. I think it’s bullshit. If you can find a job that pays you money and you love, that is amazing. However, there are a lot of jobs (janitor, retail, etc) that very few people will be able to call their passion or calling, but need to work nonetheless because that is how society works. So if we tell people they need to find a job that is their passion to be happy, lots of people are going to be pretty sad. A job is where you make money. If you love it, great. But at the end of the day, there is nothing wrong with doing it to support your family or your dog or your love of seeing concerts or painting or woodworking. Take pride in this.
Every time you apologize for the same thing to someone, it means a whole lot less An apology can go a long ways, however, if you don’t actively work to amend whatever you are apologizing over, it loses potency. It no longer becomes an apology but a lie you are using to avoid further conflict. If you’re going to apologize for something (a good thing to do) mean it and act on it.
Try your best This is the only real piece of advice my parents ever give me, so I figured it was worth including. Failing is good, winning is great, but the most important thing is to give it your all. I cringe at the cliche, but I believe in it nonetheless.    

43. If things aren’t going your way, concentrate on the things that are good. 
    Like a crack on a sidewalk, or a snowball tumbling down a hill, they’ll grow and multiply. 
    The next thing you know, the darkness will have been drowned out, and you may have built something great. 
    That’s the power of being thankful.
    
44. Curator :
   思想領袖 –在成為 Market Share Leader 之前，新創公司必須要先想辦法當 Thought Leader，也就是在你的產業發言有重量的角色，而成為一個 Curator，就是最好的第一步。
   聚集社群 — 當你成為這個產業最重要的資訊來源，背後的社群也會跟著來到，所以你會很容易可以連結到關鍵的人物。
   品牌疲乏 — 如果你一天到晚都在講自己家裡的事情，很快的你的讀者也會感到疲累，所以能夠每天換換心情，是維持長久關係必要的方法。
   原創迷思 — 很多人執著於「原創」，認為一定要用自家製作的內容。但尤其是新創團隊，你的資源往往不會允許你這麼做。更重要的是大多數消費者，其實也不是很 care。
   天天出現 — 當你開始持續 Curate，你也開始持續與消費者保持關係，讓他們很難忘記你是誰。
   產業互動 — Curate 等於是一支聚光燈，當你能夠幫合作夥伴照亮他們的新東西，這也會為你贏得很多新機會。
   取得回饋 — 如果從 Lean Startup 的角度看去，其實每一個 Curate 出來的內容，都是一個 MVP (Minimum Viable Product)，你可以從聽眾們的反應，去學習他們的心態。

45. 在睡覺前、起床後，進行特定的儀式，宣告一天的開始與結束。
   1. 打開你的行事曆
      外國有這麼一句諺語：「沒辦法做好計畫，那就是計畫好要失敗。」（ failing to plan is planning to fail）。
      睡前別逃避，不管明天有多少工作要做，想到就煩也要鼓起勇氣打開行事曆，計畫明天的時程。心裡有了底，就能緩解焦慮，睡得也比較安穩。

      建議，晚上至少要先確定「明天早上要做的第一件事」。隔天就不用再浪費時間思考要做什麼，而能直接進入工作狀態。

   2. 把去健身房要帶的東西準備好
      不是要你一定得去健身房，而是要你早起運動，鍛鍊健康的體魄。
      如果你喜歡慢跑，就把運動服、慢跑鞋拿出來放在床邊；喜歡瑜珈，晚上就準備好瑜珈墊、瑜珈服與輕音樂；

      確保你一起床，就能看到這些物品，提醒自己早上該運動囉！同步降低賴床的欲望。

   3. 手機關機       
      把手機關機、或切換成飛航模式，換得一夜好眠，比什麼都珍貴。

   4. 書寫日誌
		  花幾分鐘的時間，回顧你的一天：今天發生哪些好事、有哪些人事物讓你充滿感謝。寫下來，做為一天的總結。
      而強制書寫，則可以協助一個人客觀分析事情，找出原因與改善方法，斬斷原本壓力來源，帶來心理與行動上的雙重正向提升。

   5. 讀一本真正的書
      睡前讀一本你喜愛的、讓你放鬆心情的書，可以幫助入睡。
      而且有此一說，睡前看書的記憶效果極佳，因為晚上吸收的內容會直接儲存在「海馬迴」，還沒被其他資訊蓋過，就能在睡眠時轉化為長期記憶。
      但可別用手機或iPad讀電子書，螢幕的強光會影響你的褪黑激素，反而讓你睡不好。

46. picky : 龜毛 , 形容一個人很要求完美，對事物很挑剔，會嫌東嫌西
    其它相關的字彙還有表示「過分講究的」finicky、「要求標準高而難以滿足的」fussy、「高要求的」demanding，以及「難以取悅的」hard to please。
    I hate working for such a picky boss. / 我討厭為這麼龜毛的老闆做事。
    
47. A steal／a good deal 這東西真划算！
    形容東西買的很便宜、物美價廉，想表達買到等於賺到的時候，就可以用這個字，因為便宜到簡直像是偷來的（不用錢一樣）！
    You got this great car for 3000 bucks? That's really a steal. / 你只花了3000塊買這台好車？真是太超值了！
    That's such a good deal. I only paid 200 bucks. / 這價格真的很划算，我只付了200塊。
    
    如果是要表達偷來的，會用stolen。
    I accidently bought a stolen car. / 我不小心買了一部贓車。
    
48. rule of thumb 原則上、經驗法則
    As a rule of thumb, one cup of rice is enough per person. / 原則上，一杯米夠一個人吃。
    
    cut to the chase 切入重點、直接了當
    
    up in the air 懸而未決
    My wedding is coming up next week, but there are so many things still up in the air. I’m getting nervous.
    
    lose your touch 不如以往
    People have said that the author has lost his touch. His books are getting dull. / 大家都說那位作家江郎才盡了。他的書越來越無聊。
    
    ring a bell 對…有印象
    A: Do you know Emily Wang?  B: Nope, doesn’t ring a bell.（不知道誒，沒印象。）
    
    under the weather 不舒服
    She’s been under the weather for quite a few days. Are you sure she’s okay? / 她已經不舒服一陣子了，你確定她沒事嗎？
    
    not my cup of tea 不是我的菜
    not my cup of tea 原來是「不是我的菜」的意思，而這個「菜」可以指一切的人事物，只要你不喜歡，就可以說 It’s not my cup of tea.
    A: Did you see the guy who just walked past? He looks like Prince Charming!
    B: He’s cute, but not really my cup of tea.（滿可愛的，但不是我的菜。）
    
    Try加上out可以指：
    參加選拔：嘗試看看有沒有資格加入某運動團體（球隊、啦啦隊、游泳隊...），介系詞用for代表加入什麼隊伍。
    I plan to try out for the cheerleading squad.（我想試試自己能不能夠加入啦啦隊。）
    
    試用：像是某個東西能不能用、好不好用、適不適合自己用、喜不喜歡。
    I'd like to try out this lipstick color. Do you have a tester for it？（我想試用這口紅的顏色，你們有試用品嗎？）
    I am going to try out this skateboard. If I like it, I'll buy it.（我想試玩一下這個滑板，如果我喜歡的話我就買。）
    Gogoro offers everyone a chance to try out their smartscooter for 30 minutes.（Gogoro讓每個人都可以試騎他們的智慧電動車30分鐘。）    

49. crowded是用來形容空間、地方的擁擠，不能用crowded形容traffic
    e.g. a crowded train（擁擠的車廂）; a crowded city（熱鬧的城市）; The meeting room is crowded with people.（會議室裡擠滿了人）
    
    形容交通擁擠，英文用heavy、much
    Traffic is very heavy during the rush hour./ 尖峰時間交通十分繁忙.
    This is the most heavily trafficked road in Taiwan. / 這是台灣交通最繁忙的一條路.
    
    形容交通擁擠，也可以用busy，但busy更常用來形容街道：
    The roads are busy （with traffic）（路上人來人往。）
    There is too much traffic on the street（這條街上車太多了。）
    相對的，不擁擠用light／little
    When traffic is light, I can reach my apartment from the office in seven minutes. / （交通順暢時，我辦公室到住家只要7分鐘。）
    There's little traffic at this hour.（這時候幾乎沒什麼車輛往來。）
    
    Convenient不用來形容交通，但它可以用在指服務：It has a very convenient bus service.（這裡搭公車很方便。）

50. depreciate : （貨幣）貶值  
    e.g. The euro has depreciated 16% against the dollar in the past six months. / 在過去半年來，歐元對美元的匯率已經下跌了16%。
         Experts believe the yen will continue to depreciate against most major currencies. / 專家認為日元對大部分的主要貨幣會繼續走砭。
    devalue : 「降低價值」，其名詞為devaluation。
    值得注意的是，devalue/ devaluation也可用來表示貶值之意，但差別在於專指施行固定匯率制的國家，政府下定決策，進行貨幣的貶值。
    
    symptom : 用來描述疾病的徵狀，代表病人主觀的感受，
    其它與症狀相關的字彙還有代表「症候、徵兆」的sign、代表「無症狀的」的asymptomatic，以及表示「診斷」的diagnosis。
    需注意的是，symptom與sign的中文意思相近，使用上常會混淆；兩字的差別在於symptom是病人主觀的感受，而sign是醫生或他人觀察到的客觀描述。
    e.g. This nasal spray will relieve your allergy symptoms. / 這個鼻用噴劑可以舒緩你的過敏症狀。
         The symptoms of food poisoning include stomach pain and fever. / 食物中毒的症狀包括胃痛和發燒。

51. spill the beans : 洩漏秘密
    HR is not the place to spill the beans upon your exit. 
    
52. - To start my day the night before
      If someone asked me when does my day usually start my answer would have been just like every other person — in the morning, 
      when I wake up. But, things changed when I read an article about the power of our subconscious mind.

      I got to know that human mind is the most powerful weapon. 
      If we feed it information the night before sleeping, our subconscious mind will continue to work on it while we are sleep. 
      Perhaps this is the reason that most of the successful people I know, or have even heard of, start their day the night before.
      That’s when I took a pledge to always end my day after planning my schedule for the next. 
      And, it has been one of the smartest moves I’ve made for my career. 
      No longer do I have to come to office like a lost soul who does not know what’s in store for the day. 
      I can prioritize my work, my life and my day, and make the most of my working hours.
      
   -  To never stop learning
      Learning never stops. If we pay attention, we can learn something new every single day. 
      But, learning is not confined to just facts and education. 
      From Warren Buffett to Bill Gates, Elon Musk to Mark Zuckerberg ,
      the one thing they all have in common is they never stopped learning. 
      And, I don’t need to quote any story about their success.
      There’s so much to learn for us if we look carefully. 
      In words of Warren Buffett, "Invest in yourself, before investing in anything else." 
      So, the second pledge I took to make my life better as a manager was to learn something new every day.
      
      Since the day I took this pledge, I’ve managed how to become a better team person. 
      I have inculcated the habit of how to remain calm even when things go south, 
      which I’ve inculcated from one of the designers in our team. 
      And, many more. All that has helped me become a successful manager who has been successfully delivering projects for years now.

    - To get enough sleep
      This is the most critical point of this post; trust me. We all think of sleep as just another means to relax; 
      to replenish our body and mind after a hard day at work. But, the benefits of sleep go way beyond that.
      Come to think of it a major part of adult population (especially working professionals) don’t get enough sleep. 
      According to science, we need at least 8 hours of sleep on a daily to keep our mind in the most productive state. 
      But, very few of us are able to get that many hours of continuous sleep.
      
		  I can’t remember before taking the pledge when was the last time I slept continuously for eight hours. 
		  Mismanaged office schedule, meeting stretched from evening till night and family responsibilities; 
		  all that meant I could get 4–5 hours of sleep daily. But, eventually things changed. 
		  And, by bringing a change in my sleeping habits I’ve managed to grow as a person physically as well as mentally. 
		  I’m less stressed, in a better physical health and have a better sense of time management as well.
		  
		- To be grateful for everything I have
		  The best lessons in life are learned when you least expect. 
		  A few months back, I was watching The Tonight show with Jimmy Fallon. 
		  And, the guest for the night was Terry Crews, the world’s funniest actor. 
		  On being asked about what makes him so cheerful as energetic as person Terry replied,” Being thankful.”
      
      Those words stuck to my heart. That’s when I came to realize that gratitude is a trait that we find seldom in people. 
      And, I was no different. I was one of those people who are always complaining about things they don’t have. 
      Getting inspired from Terry’s words, I decided to bring a change in me and be thankful for everything I have in my life.
      
      Yes, it did change me a lot. I am more optimistic now; my perspective of looking at life has completely changed. 
      I practice thankfulness wherever and whenever I can. 
      And, it has helped me a lot to evolve not just a professional, but as a person as well.
      
      So those were the four pledges I took to evolve as a person, and a professional. 
      This is not to say that the same things will work for you; you may have some different priorities. 
      Before trying to bring the change, get to know your priorities and then work towards how you can accomplish them.

53. wish雖然是我們熟知的「但願、希望」，但是它在「但願、希望」的字義上，與「假設語氣」有關；
    如果要表示諸如聖誕快樂、新年快樂、或是旅途愉快的「祝福」時，用法要小心！
    表示「祝福」的時候，wish的後面要接兩個名詞或代名詞作其受詞，
    e.g. 祝聖誕節快樂，後接的名詞或代名詞分別是(1)you與(2)a merry Christmas！
         祝別人旅途愉快是I wish you a pleasant trip.
                         I wish you a happy New Year.                         
    Happy holidays to one and all.（祝大家假期快樂！）
    
54. If you’re a leader in a company, it’s important to keep your eyes and ears open for all types of contributions. 
    The quiet members of your team have a wealth of insights everyone can benefit from.
    While it’s easy to hear the loud voices, they might be drowning out the quiet ones. 
    To tap into the potential of those quiet voices, here are a few tips to keep in mind:
    
    - Encourage writing as the preferred medium to share ideas. 
      Writing has a wonderful way of leveling the playing field. 
      No single voice can physically drown out or interrupt another. 
      Not to mention it’s far more efficient than huge meetings.
      
    - Don’t correlate being quiet in meetings with a lack of participation. 
      It’s likely that people are thinking about conversation at hand before responding. 
      This is a good thing. Instant reactions aren’t what you want anyway.
      
    - Give people time and space to think. 
      Don’t fret if written responses come in slower than you’re used to. 
      Reviewing ideas, thinking, and building thorough contributions takes time and focus. 
      These responses will be far better in quality than the speedy ones.
      
    - Judge contributions by quality, not quantity. Not everyone needs to chime in on everything  —  
      there’s already too much noise and commentary. 
      Look for depth and breadth of contributions, not volume.
      
    - Don’t assume you’re privy to every bit of collaboration that’s happening. 
      People share and discuss all over the place — in small groups, individually, in public, in private. 
      Just because you don’t see collaboration, that doesn’t mean it’s not happening.
      
    - Ask for opinions individually. 
      Sometimes the quiet voices just need a tiny bit of encouragement. 
      Find the medium they prefer (IM, Hangout, face to face) and talk to them individually about a particular topic they’re interested in. 
      You might strike gold and it will help them find their voice in the long run.

    - Avoid large group-think sessions. They’re insanely ineffective. 
      Short bursts of collaboration in small groups is great. 
      Huge ideas spread across hours and hours? Not so much.
    
    I really believe in quiet voices. They’ve taught me the most and positively influenced my career — far more than the big talkers.
    I hope you’ll give them a chance.
    
55. 搶功勞 : take (the) credit (for)，或者是steal (the) credit (for)。
    1. My boss is always taking credit for my ideas. / 我的老闆總是愛把我想到的點子給搶走，說成是他的主意。
    2. The professor took credit for the research carried out by his students. / 這個教授搶了自己學生的功勞，把學生的研究成果掠為己有。
    
56. 直率的 : straightforward , straightforward一詞也可以用來表示「簡單易懂」的意思。
    其他意思相似的字彙還有表示「坦率直言的」candid、「坦白的」frank、「直接的」direct，以及「坦率的」forthright。
    
    e.g.
    I wish you’d be straightforward and tell me what you want. / 我希望你能直率一點，告訴我你想要什麼。
    Dan is straightforward and lets you know what’s on his mind. / 丹很率真，他都會讓你知道他的想法。
    
    人員流動率 : turnover(rate)
    Why is there such a high turnover rate at your company? / 為什麼你所任職公司的人員流動率那麼高？
    Generous wages and benefits usually result in low employee turnover. / 豐厚的薪水和福利往往能讓人員流動率降到最低。
    
57. PM這兩個大寫字母是particulate matter的縮寫，中文的意思是懸浮粒子
    Exposure to PM 2.5 has been linked to increased risk of heart disease. / 曝露在PM2.5的環境下，已被證實會增加罹患心臟疾病的風險。
    
58. Interview related：Credential Questions

   進入面試階段，通常會先問所謂的「Credential Questions」，從履歷上提到的內容切入，面試官可能會說「Tell me about...」，
   談談關於這個項目的事情經過、處理經驗、細節與內容。

	 A. 工作感受與印象
   如果面試官詢問上一家公司：「Tell me about this company that you worked for」
   就可以回答：              「I really like it there, 
                               it was a company that focused on its products and the people there were very professional.」
                               簡單描述經驗、感受等等，因為在英文的使用上，常有許多需要開門見山講出答案的地方，
                               所以像這類簡單的問題，直白地講出觀感即可。

   B. 工作經驗調查
     「Why did you choose to work at___?」
      以下提供一個回答參考範例：「I chose to work there because I had a friend who was also working there 
                                  and she thought I was a perfect fit.」
      可能是朋友推薦、公司的環境好、福利好、可以學到很多東西等等，只要合情合理即可。

   C. 工作細節詢問 
     「What were you responsible for during your time there?」
     面試官一定想知道詳細的工作細節，回答範例如下：
		 「I was responsible for maintaining public relations as well as coming up with new plans to discover potential customers.」
     記得試著思考在這份工作中，最重要的部分是什麼?要在一段話中講到最緊要、也是自己工作負責的區塊，才會有說服力。

   D. 為何離職？「Why did you leave your last job?」
     倘若在履歷上秀出工作經驗，面試官一定會詢問離職的原因，回答範例如下：
    「During my time there, I’ve learned a lot but I felt like I’ve already learned everything there is to learn. 
      I’m looking for a new challenge doing what I love, that’s why I’m here.」
     明確地告訴面試官，上一份工作已學會該學的東西，而現階段正在尋找一個新的挑戰，所以才來應徵新工作。

   E. 個性相關問題(Personality Questions)
      除了履歷上相關的問題，面試官也想知道你究竟是怎麼樣的人。最常問的一題就是：
      「Do you have any hobbies? What do you do in your free time?」
			這類型的問題需要事先準備，否則臨場時很可能會不知所云，回答範例如下：
			「I like to go jogging when I have free time. I’d like to think that by staying fit I can perform at the highest level at work.」
			把自己喜歡做的事情、休閒的活動，跟工作綁在一起，就是一個標準的回答。

	 F. 如何解決困難?
      「Tell me how you handled a difficult situation.」
			面試官一定很想了解這個人過去的經驗以及相對的應變能力，回答範例如下：
		「When I was in my previous job, I had to confront a coworker about a mistake he made that had a negative impact on me. 
		  I found it difficult but I kept everything professional and in the end we worked out the mistake together.」

			在這段回答中，首先要描述困境的狀況，也許是跟同事衝突、一個兩難的決定、或是必須要打破框架等等的問題，再來描述如何克服，以及事發之後學到的東西。
			面試官要聽的是應變的能力以及相對應的收穫，依此邏輯去整理回答內容，就能讓面試官完整接收你的能力資訊。

	 G. 優缺點？ 面試官一向很喜歡問優缺點的相關問題，可能會說：
     「What do you consider to be your strength / weakness?」
		 「My strength lies in my interpersonal skills, my experiences in the marketing field, and my dedication the job.
       I would say that being a little too controlling would be my weakness for not all coworkers want to hear it from me. 
       But I believe with a little more communication and respect, things will work out.」

       優點可以與先前的工作經驗結合，增加說服力；
       描述弱點時則大大不同，並非只是客觀地描述弱點，必須增添一些面對缺失的正面態度，讓弱點呈現改善空間、甚至能襯托一些優勢。

   H. 自我成就 , 最後一個常見的問題：「What is the achievement you’re most proud of?」
			不限工作本身，從過去到現在，有什麼成就是自己很自豪、很引以為傲的?
     「I once brought together two departments and integrated different people into one team. We then created a new product that allowed us to reach 30k new customers.」
      跟強調履歷上的技能一樣，要用很多強而有力的動詞，帶出成就的事，並具體描述達到了什麼程度的結果。

   
   強調自己過去的重要資歷，就要用possess一字。以教育領域為例，在寫過去經驗時，可以這麼說：
   A creative experiment planner with solid classroom management skills possesses 5-year experience as a science teacher.
   （擁有五年教學經驗的自然老師，是個創意十足的實驗設計者，並有深厚的教室管理技巧。）
   在此用possess代替了極為普遍的寫法：I have five years of experience in __________.
   還有兩個非常實用的形容詞creative（具有創意的）以及solid（深厚的、紮實的），在用來描述自己於工作上或個性的優點皆非常好用
   
   擔任過管理職的人絕對要加強火力於管理經驗的描述，讓雇主知道你不只有專業技巧，還能同時掌握人員管理，替公司負責層面更廣闊、更多元的工作內容。
   以製造業領域為例，我們可以用「Successfully supervised 某人（團隊）或某專案」的句型，敘述曾經管理過的人事物：
   Successfully supervised line managers and workers in plants at different locations to achieve different manufacturing needs.
   （曾順利地管理不同分廠的產線經理與工人以達成各式製造要求。）
   在這邊可以帶點小心機，使用副詞Successfully強調自己很成功的管理經驗，且在後面清楚描述管理過的人員與情況，如此說明，你的管理能力便能讓雇主一目了然。
   而supervise一字在必要時，還能用manage、oversee等字做替換，才不會一直使用重複的動詞。
   
   曾經執行過的特殊專案或任務絕對是加分的好機會，在寫履歷時，常會用experienced這個形容詞來強調自己在某方面「頗具經驗」，
   但此說法其實較為空泛。舉業務的客戶分析經驗為例：experienced in developing client reports（在製作客戶報告上有相關經驗）

		如此描述，其實看不出到底是做過甚麼樣的客戶報告，也不知經驗有多豐富，還不如用明確的動詞具體闡述達成過的任務，我們可以這麼說：
		created five customized weekly reports to analyze the consumption habits of repeat clients.（每週產出五個客製化報告以分析老客戶的消費習慣）

	 再舉個人資領域的例子：
	 Designed and implemented a training program that resulted in a 45% increase in employee satisfaction.
	 （曾開發與執行讓公司員工滿意度增加45%的訓練課程）

   與其提到某方面的經驗豐富，不如用具體的動詞如create、design和implement清楚描述工作內容及效率，才能讓人輕易看出你的才能
   
59. What did you make in your previous position?（你前一個職位的薪水是多少？）
    也就是「how much did you make in your previous job?」，用make這個動詞做「賺錢」的意思。

    有些主管會很婉轉地詢問：
    Do you mind me asking you what you made at your previous job, ABC Company?（介意我問一下你之前在ABC公司的薪水是多少嗎？）
    
    如果你仍在職，還在騎驢找馬尚有籌碼時，不妨公告自己的薪資，讓對方開出比現在更高的價碼來挖角你。可以簡單地這麼回覆：
		My base salary is 50,000 per month plus performance bonus.（我的底薪是每個月5萬，再加上績效獎金。）
		
		若你想用年薪談判的話，可以這麼說：
		Currently I make 800,000 per year with a minimum of 2-month year-end bonus.（目前我年薪80萬，每年至少有2個月的年終獎金。）
		
		若是你已經離職且非常想得到這份工作，而之前的薪資也沒有期望地高，又或是怕提出之後會讓對方壓低底限，
		你大可用以下兩種說法來迴避這個隱私問題：

		1. To be honest, I’m not sure if my previous salary is relevant with regard to this position. 
		   It was in a different company with different responsibilities.
		   （老實說，我不確定之前的薪資與這份職務會有關聯。那是在另一間公司的薪資，職務內容也所不同。）

		2. I’m aiming for a job that compensates me fairly for my qualifications and experiences.
		   （我的目標是找到一份工作可以合理依照我的資歷與經驗提供相當的報酬。）		
		   
		I’m sure we’ll find a number that works for both of us, but for now, I hope to make sure it’s a good fit. 
		（我相信我們一定能找到雙方都滿意的數字，不過目前我希望先能確定這是份合適的工作。）
		 works for both of us就是「對兩邊都行得通」，而a good fit的fit是做名詞為「適合」的意思。
		
		How much are you expecting to make at this job?（對於這份職務，你的期望薪資是多少？）
		What is your salary expectation? （你的薪資期望是多少？）
		
		你便可清楚地用以下方式說明：
		I’m focusing on a position in the 100K range. 
		That would be a good starting point.（我的目標是設定在一個月10萬左右的工作，那會是一個很好的起始點。）

60.How To Introduce Yourself In An Interview ?
   
	 Have you….
		Researched your interviewer?
		Printed copies of your resume?
		Rehearsed your answer to the “tell me about yourself question”?
		Prepared your questions for your interviewer? 
		Picked a few ways to make yourself memorable?   
   
   When you first arrive at the office….
   1. Don’t assume the first person you come into contact with will know why you’re there. 
      It’s your job to make clear you’ve arrived for an interview. You can say something as simple as:
      “Good morning, my name is Caroline Gray and I have an interview with Dave Smith at 2:00pm.”
   2. Strong eye contact is a must. It’s the quickest and most effective way to project a sense of confidence and comfort. 
      In addition, eye contact shows you’re engaged and interested.
   3. A firm handshake is like an impeccably written cover letter. It won’t go unnoticed.

   4. Introduce yourself to everyone who’s in the room if there are multiple people interviewing you at the same time. 
      Take the time to look at everyone individually and give them all a handshake.

	 5. Say yes if someone offers you a glass of water. It’s a small gesture to show you’re an equal player in the game. 
	    You’re at the interview because you not only interested in what you can do for the company, but what the company can do for you. 
	    Accepting a small offer, even if it’s just a glass of water, is a small way to show this.   
   Be sure to avoid…
   Mentioning anything about how beautiful the office is, how great an outfit is, what cool pens are at the front desk. Don’t let any fluffy details take away from your strong presentation.
   
   Can you tell me about the team I’ll be working with?
   What’s the next step in this process?
   
   盜版 pirated (copy)
   The store was fined for selling pirated DVDs. / 這家店因販賣盜版光碟而被罰款