1.over budget : 
  The construction project is over budget by two million dollars.
  Try not to go over budget when you do your Christmas shopping.
  overspend / deficit / cash flow (phr.)

2. Discuss(v) = talk about so don't add "about" after discuss.
   Experts gathered at 2015 World Climate Summit to discuss the global warming issue.
   but if you use "Discussion" , you need to add "about"
   Experts gathered at the 2015 World Climate Summit for a discussion about the global warming issue.

3. nearsighted , myopic / farsighted
   e.g.
   - 1.In East Asia, up to 80% of school children are nearsighted.
   - 2.Spending more time outdoors can help prevent children from becoming nearsighted.

   contact lenses 

4. Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
   Thomas Edison


5. be absent / absent from :
   1.Why was Roger absent from the meeting?
   2.John was absent from school three days last week.
   
   tardy / no-show

6. I'm not really a morning person; I'm more of a night owl.
   Doris is a morning person, so she usually goes to bed early.

7. stapler
   Staple remover (phr.) / Staple gun (phr.) / hole punch (phr.) 

   e.g.
   1.Do you have a stapler I can borrow?

   2.This stapler is out of staples.

8. The man who has made up his mind to win will never say "impossible".

9. pay in installments
   - We're paying for our new car in installments.
   - You can pay for your laptop in monthly installments. 

10. Ordinary people merely think how they shall spend their time; a man of talent tries to use it.

11. post-vacation blues
    e.g. I always get post-vacation blues when I come back from a trip.

12. coin purse / 零錢包
    - You should get a coin purse to keep your loose change in.
    - I gave my girlfriend a Hello Kitty coin purse for her birthday.
    money clip (phr.) 鈔票夾 / card case (phr.)（放信用卡、證件等的）卡片夾
    
13. I ate too much at the all-you-can-eat buffet and decided to skip dinner    
    
    Please reach out to your Google contact if you have questions.
    
14. chairman of the board : 董事長
    e.g. The company has elected a new chairman of the board.
    CEO (n.) 執行長，是 chief executive officer 的縮寫。
    board of directors (phr.) 董事會
    e.g. The chairman of the board called a meeting of the board of directors.
    
15. aerobic exercise: 有氧運動
    calisthenics (n.) 健身體操 / circuit training (phr.) 循環訓練 / weight lifting (phr.) 舉重，重訓    
    e.g 
    Doing aerobic exercise is a great way to stay fit.
    做有氧運動能夠有效幫助你保持體態
    I’m thinking about taking an aerobics class at the gym.
		我正在考慮要不要去健身房上有氧課。
    
16. I’ll give you a blank check. 我會讓你全權處理。
    You must count the cost. 你以為：你必須計算成本。其實是：你必須評估風險。    
    e.g. Before making a large investment, you must first count the possible cost.（在做大筆投資之前，要先評估可能的風險。）
    
    Please deliver the goods. 你以為：請送達貨物。其實是：請達成任務
    My supervisor said if I can’t deliver the goods, I’ll get the boot very soon.（我的主管說，如果我無法達成任務，就會很快被炒魷魚。）
    
17. check ==> confirm/verify
    consider ==> evaluate / assess
    appear/seem ==> is
    might/would/should ==> will/do
    
    stage fright : 怯場
    e.g. I get stage fright when I have to speak in front of a group.
         The actor got stage fright and forgot his lines (這名演員怯場到忘記台詞).    

18. What gets us into trouble is not what we don't know. It's what we know for sure that just ain't so.

19. ability、competence、capability : 
    在技術性領域，我們稱為個人的職能能力或組織的核心能力，用的是competence；
    而在社會性課題上，我們稱為個人的領導能力（ability）與組織的能力（capability）。 
    
20. steal the show : 搶鋒頭    
    e.g. Taylor Swift totally stole the show when she showed up at my birthday party.
    go nuts : 要瘋了
    After two days of nonstop working, our crew members went nuts.（經過兩天沒日沒夜的工作，組員們都快瘋了。)
    suck it up 忍著點
    I know the finals are tough, but you just have to suck it up and deal with it.（我知道期末考很不容易，但你就忍著點撐過去吧。）
    slap in the face 打臉
    The mayor promised that he will finish his term, so it was a slap in the face when he announced to run for president.（市長在宣布要競選總統後完全打了自己的臉，因為他曾承諾會做滿任期。）
    flattering photo 照騙
    There are lots of tutorials on the Internet that teach you how to take a flattering photo of yourself.（網路上有很多教學會教你怎麼拍出自己的照騙。）
    當本人比照片好看時，可以用The picture/photo doesn’t flatter you。
    for dummies 懶人包
    If you want to study abroad, you can start by reading articles such as “Studying Abroad for Dummies."（如果你想要出國留學，可以從閱讀留學懶人包下手。）
    get worse 每況愈下
    His health condition is getting worse.（他的健康狀況每況愈下。）
    caring/considerate guy 暖男
    Does being a caring guy mean that I can finally get a girlfriend?（當一個暖男可以讓我交到女朋友嗎？）
    you’re so full of yourself 你少臭美了
    A: I am a really nice boyfriend, right?（A：我是一個超棒的男友吧？）
		B: You’re so full of yourself. / Don’t be a smug.（B：你少臭美了！）
		get up on the wrong side of the bed 起床氣
		A: What’s wrong with her? She looks so mean today.（A：她怎麼了？今天看起來凶神惡煞。）
    B: Maybe she got up on the wrong side of the bed today.（B：或許是她起床氣還沒消吧。）
    hang in there 撐著點、加油
    Don’t give up just yet, hang in there!（不要放棄，撐著點！）
    fat nerd 肥宅
    I think calling people fat nerds is a type of bullying.（我認為叫別人肥宅是一種霸凌。）
    at a loss for words 詞窮
    I was at a loss for words when that hot guy invited me to dance with him.（當小鮮肉邀請我一起跳舞時，我整個人詞窮了。）
    all the rage 這東西很夯
    A: Have you ever used VoiceTube to learn English?（A：你有用 VoiceTube 來學英文過嗎？）
		B: Are you kidding me? It’s all the rage nowadays.（B：廢話，這東西現在正夯耶！）
    
    keep a low profile 低調
    如果是形容一個人很低調，我們就可以用keep a low profile。但如果是要講某個事件是低調的，會用low-key來形容。
    Jolin Tsai likes to keep a low profile, so she barely shows up on TV.（蔡依林喜歡保持低調，所以她很少上電視。）
		I told my boss that I was sick, so this party is a really low-key event.（我跟老闆請病假，所以這場派對辦得相當低調。）
		
		nail it 搞定、做得好
		I really loved your pitch. You totally nailed it!（我超愛你的簡報，幹得好！）
		
		get out of here 少來了
		Get out of here不一定是滾開的意思，也可以用來表示驚訝。表示驚訝時的就類似中文口語的「真的假的」、「少來了」、「別開玩笑了」。所以另外一種說法就是You’ve got to be kidding me。
		Get out of here! How can you not see the huge sign that said“Danger”?（少來了，你怎麼可能沒看到那個巨大的「危險」標示？）
		
		that’s ridiculous 太瞎了
		You say you have over 2,000 friends on Facebook? That’s ridiculous! It’s not like you’re famous.（你說你有超過2,000個臉書好友？太瞎了吧！你又不是什麼名人。）
		
		don’t jinx it 不要烏鴉嘴
		A: I think the plane might crash.（A：感覺會墜機。）
		B: Don’t jinx it! We’re going to have a safe flight.（B：不要烏鴉嘴！我們會平安地飛到目的地。）		
    
    get more bang for the buck 划算
    That was a really good deal! I think I got more bang for my buck.（那真是一筆好買賣，我覺得超划算的。）
    
21. "Do you want to drink something?"這句話聽在老外耳裡，是問人「你要不要喝杯酒？」。
    要問別人想喝點什麼你可以說"Do you want to get something to drink?"或"Can I offer you something to drink?"
    something to drink 包含所有含酒精及無酒精之飲料。但drinks加了一個s就是飲料了，例如："What kinds of drinks do you want?" 很明顯的這個 drinks 指的是soft drinks ，意思是「你要什麼飲料？」。
    稱讚別人酒量很好，英文用 "He can really drink."，說自己滴酒不沾，則這麼說 "I don't drink at all."。
    Tipsy 微醺，有點醉意的
		Merry 小醉
		Drunk 喝醉的
		Pickled 喝醉的 （俚語）
		Wasted 喝得大醉 （俚語）
		Hammered 爛醉（俚語）

22. 資訊圖表 (infographic)
    chart 和 graph 常常意思通用，若要區分差別，chart 通常是以鮮豔的顏色和簡易的圖示呈現數據統計結果，而 graph 的數據呈現則比chart詳細。
    e.g. We displayed the results of our survey on an infographic.
         This infographic shows our sales figures for the fourth quarter.
    
23. breakdown 崩潰   
    e.g. Wendy had a breakdown after her divorce.
    
    
24. 通貨膨脹 (inflation)
    purchasing power (phr.) 購買力 / commodity (n.) 商品 / consumer price index (phr.) 消費者物價指數
    e.g. 
    1. The government has promised to tackle inflation.
    2. Economists recommend raising interest rates to curb inflation.    
    
25. impostor phenomenon
    壟斷 (monopoly) , government monopoly 直譯為「政府壟斷市場」，也就是所謂的「專賣」
    cartel (n.) 同業聯盟
    e.g. 
    1. The new president has sworn to break up all monopolies.
       新上任的總統發誓要打破所有市場壟斷現象。
    2. The government is determined to protect its alcohol monopoly.
       政府堅持保護它的酒類專賣事業。
     
26. Victims make excuses. Leaders deliver results.
    The next time something feels difficult - or disappointing - take a moment and ask yourself: What is it I don't know how to do here?
        
27. I need your John Hancock.（我需要您的簽名。）
    說明：John Hancock是第一位在《美國獨立宣言》上署名的人，並且將名字寫得華麗醒目，自此以後，老美就把他的名字當作「簽名」的意思。
    
    We have to iron out some wrinkles.（我們需要解決一些細節問題。）
    iron out wrinkles字面讀來是「燙平皺紋」，引申為「解決細節問題」。當對方說出這句話時，表示仍對合作存有疑慮，一定要找出問題所在，以免簽不成約。
    
    Could you put that down in black and white?（您可以把它白紙黑字寫下來嗎？）
    black指的是「墨水」、white則是「紙張」，也就是「白紙黑字寫出來的書面形式」，這也是美國人在徵詢「是否肯定沒問題、能否實踐承諾」的一種問法。
    e.g. 
     I made my promises in black and white. You may rest assured.（我的承諾有白紙黑字為憑，您可以放心。）
    
    jack of all trades : 
    
28. 獨家新聞 (exclusive news)
    breaking news (phr.) 突發新聞
	special report (phr.) 特別報導
	scoop (n.) 獨家新聞
	e.g. The magazine is famous for exclusive news about Hollywood celebrities.
       這本雜誌報導好萊塢明星的獨家新聞而出名。

       The newspaper won an award for its exclusive report about the scandal.
       這間報社因為獨家報導那件醜聞而獲獎。
    
    便利貼 (Post-it)
    adhesive (n.) 黏合劑，黏著劑
	  stationery (n.) 文具
	  sticker (n.) 貼紙
    e.g. Did you see the Post-it I put on your desk?
    你有看到我放在你桌上的便利貼嗎？    
    
29. 企圖心 (ambition)
   ambition有兩個意思，一個是驅使你達成目的的「企圖心」，另一個意思則是「目的」、「志向」。
   英文中，ambition的形容詞為ambitious。而相關的英文片語為 fulfill/realize/achieve an ambition，意思即為「達成目的」、「實現志向」。

		drive (n.) 幹勁，決心
		aspiration (n.) 志向，抱負
		objective (n.) 目標
    e.g. Simon’s ambition in life is to become a doctor.
          西蒙畢生的志向是成為醫生。

    You’ll never succeed if you lack ambition.
          你沒有企圖心就無法成功。  
    
   若要說自己的 loading 很重，正確的用字是 workload 才對而非loading

   說悄悄話 (whisper)
   gossip (n./v.) 八卦，閒聊 / murmur (n.) 低語，小聲說話 / hearsay (n.) 傳聞
   e.g. What are you two whispering about over there?
        你們兩個在那說些什麼悄悄話？

        My classmates are always whispering about me behind my back.
        我的同學老是在我背後說些悄悄話。
        
   職務代理人 (substitute)
   substitute是「替代的人事物」，也可以做形容詞「替代的、替補的」，如最常見的用法substitute teacher（代課老師）或substitute employee（代班員工）。

	相關字彙：
	tenure (n.) 任職期間，終生教職
	replace (v.) 取代
	position (n.) 職務
	例句：
	Our teacher was sick today, so we had a substitute teacher.
	我們老師今天生病，所以我們有代課老師。
	
	The company is going to hire a substitute while I’m on vacation.
	在我度假期間，公司會雇用一名職務代理人。
	
30. server 服務生

    記得！現在大家都不稱服務生waiter或waitress了喔。這樣的字眼被認為有性別歧視 （gender discrimination），以下是政治正確（politically correct） 的說法！

		●Bum – Homeless Person
		●Bum – Involuntarily Domiciled
		●Bum – Residentially flexible
		●Deaf –aurally challenged
		●Fat – Gravitationally challenged
		●Fat – Person of substance
		●Housewife – Domestic engineer
		●Old Person / Elderly – Senior Citizens
		●Janitor – Sanitation engineer
		●Prostitute – Sex care provider

		以下來介紹牛排熟度的單字 :

		●生 (Raw)
		●一分熟 (Rare)
		●三分熟 (Medium Rare)
		●五分熟 (Medium)
		●七分熟 (Medium Well)
		●全熟 (Well Done)

		Host: Thanks for joining us today.
		 (主人：謝謝你今天和我們共度這時光。)
		Guest: Thanks for having me.（客人：謝謝你們邀請我來。）

    "I agree."、"I disagree."以及"I don't know."。
    有時明明想說的是「這件事其實有好有壞。」或「我持中立態度。」卻找不到字，只好一概回答"I don't know."，無法真正表達自己的意見。

    如果你還在觀望中，可以說"I'm on the fence." 或是"I sit on the fence"，fence是籬笆，想像你坐在籬笆上，無法拿定主意要往左還是往右的樣子。
    
    Other examples :
		A: Do you agree with nuclear energy？（你支持核能嗎？）
		B: I'm on the fence.（我保持中立態度。）

		A: Between George and David, which one do you think is more qualified for the position?（你覺得George和David誰比較有資格坐上這個職位？）
		B: I prefer to sit on the fence. I don't want to offend either of them.（我保持中立，我誰都不想冒犯。）

    如果你想表達，這件事有好有壞、利害參半，
    除了比較拗口的"There are both advantages and disadvantages."，
    你可以試著用"double-edged sword"這個字，和中文「雙面刃」有一樣的涵義，對於許多爭議性的議題（controversial issues），
    若你能剖析事情的兩面（see both sides of an argument），絕對能讓你加分不少。

		The tourism industry is a double-edged sword.It creates jobs for local people, but it can also put pressure on local resources.
		（旅遊業為當地人創造更多就業機會，但也對當地資源造成壓力，利害參半。）
		
		Working in a small company is a double-edged sword.You could have more opportunities for promotion. However, you may have less job security.
		（在小公司工作有好有壞，你可以有更多升遷機會，但是工作的穩定性可能較低。）
		
31. Initiative is doing the right thing without being told.
    主動，是不用別人講就做「對」的事。
    courier (n.) 快遞員
    
32. 師徒制 (apprenticeship)
    由apprentice 加上代表「狀態」的名詞字尾 -ship 組合而成。apprentice是通常是指工藝、工程、手作相關技術的「學徒」，
    會跟著一位非常有經驗的前輩學習，並且有支薪；和無給薪的intern（實習生）不同。apprentice當動詞用則是「當學徒」的意思。

		novice (n.) 初學者，新手
		trade (n.) 手藝，職業
		master (v.) 精通
		e.g.
		Gary became a plumber after a four-year apprenticeship.
    蓋瑞經過四年的師徒制訓練後，成為一名水管工人。
    
    An electrician’s apprenticeship takes five years to complete.
    電工的師徒制訓練需要五年時間。
    
33. 功勞 (contribution)
    contribution是意思「貢獻，提供」，若付出的是金錢，就是指「捐獻，捐款，捐助」；若付出的是時間、心力、成果，則是指「出力，效益」。因此，要表達某人對某件事的功勞，英文就可以用contribution這個字。動詞是contribute。

		achievement (n.) 成就，成果
		accomplishment (n.) 成就，成績，完成
		merit (n.) 功（過），價值，長處
		e.g.
		Our project wouldn’t have been a success without your valuable contribution.
			若沒有你寶貴的投入付出，我們的計劃就不會成功了。

		The mayor made many contributions to the city’s development.
			這位市長對於這個城市的發展功勞卓著。
			
34. 破冰 (break the ice)
    break the ice是用「把冰打碎」來比喻化解冷淡、生疏的互動，讓氣氛變得熱絡起來，例如藉由提出評論、講笑話、玩遊戲等，這些破冰的方法就叫icebreaker。此外，icebreaker還可以指「破冰船」。

		cold as ice (phr.) 冷若冰霜
		on thin ice (phr.) 如履薄冰，小心翼翼
		cut no ice (with someone) (phr.) 沒有影響力，無法說服
		e.g.
		Christopher told a joke to beak the ice.
			克里斯多福講了個笑話讓場子熱起來。
		Playing games is a great way to beak the ice at a party.
			玩遊戲是讓派對氣氛熱起來的好方法。
			
35. 激勵 (motivate)
    工作上感到疲乏，覺得興趣缺缺、提不起勁的時候，這時就需要有人打氣、激勵一下。
    英文動詞可用motivate「激勵，刺激，給予動機」，名詞為motivation「激勵，推動，動機」。
    另一個相關名詞motif也是「動機」，是指激發追求的那個中心主旨。

		inspire (v.) 啟發，鼓勵
		encourage (v.) 鼓勵，促進，支持
		stimulate (v.) 刺激，促進
		e.g
		Our company uses bonuses to motivate employees.
		敝公司用獎金來激勵員工。
		The key to teaching is motivating students to learn.
		教學的關鍵在於激勵學生學習。