What are the best ways to become the best at whatever you do?
Follow this simple process:

1. Write down your goals twice every day. 
   You cannot get the things you don¡¦t remember you wanted in the first place.
   
2. Do something for the goals every single day. 
   Success and excellence only come from what we do behind the scenes every day.

3. Work harder than everyone else. To be the best you must work like the best. Period.

4. Get over yourself. 
   Get over the fact that you can do this all while staying comfortable and do the things you do not like to do and that scare you.

5. Believe you are the best before you are. If you do not believe it, why should anyone else?

6. Focus all your energy on improving. 
   You are not the best yet, so you must grow into the best by improving everything you can as much as you can.
   
7. Invest in yourself. Spend the time, energy and money required for you to become the best.

Do not give up. This will take longer than you think it will and will be harder than anyone told you, 
   but if you give up, you will never be able to reach it.


Here are the five rituals that have made the biggest difference to me:

1. Abiding by a specific bedtime to ensure that I get 8 hours of sleep. 
   Nothing is more critical to the way I feel every day. 
   If I¡¦m flying somewhere and know I¡¦ll arrive too late to get my 8 hours, 
   I make it a priority to make up the hours I need on the plane.
   
2. Work out as soon as I wake up. 
   I¡¦ve long since learned it has a huge impact all day long on how I feel, even if I don¡¦t initially feel like doing it.
   
3. Launching my work day by focusing first on whatever I¡¦ve decided the night before is the most important activity I can do that day. 
   Then taking a break after 90 minutes to refuel. 
   Today ¡X which happens to be a Sunday ¡X this blog was my priority. 
   My break was playing tennis for an hour. 
   During the week it might be just to breathe for five minutes, or get something to eat.
   
4. Immediately writing down on a list any idea or task that occurs to me over the course of the day. 
   Once it¡¦s on paper, it means I don¡¦t walk around feeling preoccupied by it ¡X or risk forgetting it.
   
5. Asking myself the following question any time I feel triggered by someone or something,: 
  "What¡¦s the story I¡¦m telling myself here and how could I tell a more hopeful and empowering story about this same set of facts?"