27 Ways to Get More Sh!t Done
1. Get enough sleep. 
   Not getting enough Zzz's could hinder productivity at work, so try to get those recommended seven to nine hours of snooze time ! 
2. Create routines.
3. Wake up earlier.
   Try extending the day by getting up an hour earlier¡Xwhen it¡¦s still quiet and there are fewer distractions.   
4. Step away from the inbox.
   Make a habit to only check the inbox at certain times of the day to avoid getting sidetracked with requests and responses.
5. Make a daily to-do list.
   Break up big goals into micro-tasks, like writing a page over completing a thesis. 
   Soon, the small things will add up to big accomplishments.
6. Take a midday workout break.
   Working out during the day could actually boost productivity, so the time spent exercising could actually help us get more done later.
7. Don¡¦t multitask. 
   Our brains aren¡¦t wired to juggle too much at once, and we can work nearly twice as fast if we do only one thing at a time   
8. Silence the phone.   
9. Make a to-don¡¦t list. 
   Bad habits are just as significant as good ones. So make a list of things not to do because they make you unproductive.
10. Brainstorm. 
11. Do those MITs (most important tasks). 
   It¡¦s a way to highlight the items that matter most on that to-do list. 
   At the start of each day, write down a few things that must get done. 
   Commit to tackling those tasks, and let the rest of the chips fall where they may.
12. Hit inbox zero. 
   Sort every email once that inbox is open. Respond, file, draft, or delete. 
   Keeping the inbox clean is key to staying organized and on point. 
   (Just remember not to keep the inbox open when you aren't organizing it.).
13. Stay healthy.
   Health and productivity go hand in hand, so be sure to maintain good health habits, like eating well and washing up after hitting the gym
14. Keep a pen and pad on hand. 
    Catch any useful thought that may come to mind. 
15. Shut off social media. 
16. ¡§Eat the frogs.¡¨ 
    Each day, once you've figured out your Most Important Tasks, do the task you¡¦re least looking forward to first. That way, you'll get it out of the way early and feel super productive, to boot. 
    Your ¡§frog¡¨ is your biggest, most important task, the one you are most likely to procrastinate on if you don¡¦t do something about it.
17. Slow down. 
    Read. This. Slowly. 
    Getting stuff done isn¡¦t always a matter of making it to the finish line first. 
    Take time to reflect, brainstorm, and recharge.     
18. Track time. 
    Take a day to record how much time is spent writing emails, reading blogs, texting, etc. 
    You may be surprised at how much time certain activities (ahem, browsing Pinterest) take up every day. 
    Once you've figured out how your time is being used up, make it a point to prioritize what really matters to you 
    (and cut out what doesn't).
19. Don¡¦t bounce around. 
    Box off a specific amount of time for every task on your to-do list each day. 
    Assign a chunk of the day for one project, and stay focused on that project during its designated time. 
    Once that time is up, move on to the next mission.
20. Tune out. 
    Those headphones will help tune out any distractions. 
    Plus, coworkers and friends may be less likely to interrupt if they see we¡¦re tuned in.
21. Look back. 
    Schedule some time toward the end of each week to reflect on what you accomplished and make any necessary schedule tweaks for the following week.
22. Set triggers. 
    Leave reminders around your workspace and home to help you remember what needs to get done. 
23. Eat well. 
    What we scarf down for lunch may do more than satisfy hunger. 
    Certain foods, like salmon, almonds, and carrots, can give us a much-needed boost of energy. 
    So forgo the take-out and be picky at the cafeteria!
24. De-clutter. 
    Get rid of anything that may cause distractions. 
    Put away the dishes, fold clothes, and get rid of excess papers on the desk so you're less likely to get sidetracked. 
    Up the ante by implementing some Feng Shui principles in your workspace.
25. Say no. Don¡¦t stretch yourself too thin. 
    Learning to say no¡Xto going out for drinks when you're tired, to extra projects when you're swamped¡Xkeeps us focused, prevents overwhelm, and may even ward off sickness.    
26. Take a break. 
    Carve out some quality "you" time each day to keep a balance between the busy world and your own inner life.

- Create a daily plan. 
  Plan your day before it unfolds. Do it in the morning or even better, the night before you sleep. 
  The plan gives you a good overview of how the day will pan out. That way, you don¡¦t get caught off guard. 
  Your job for the day is to stick to the plan as best as possible.
  
- Peg a time limit to each task. 
  Be clear that you need to finish X task by 10am, Y task by 3pm, and Z item by 5:30pm. 
  This prevents your work from dragging on and eating into time reserved for other activities.
  
- Use a calendar. 
  Having a calendar is the most fundamental step to managing your daily activities. 
  If you use outlook or lotus notes, calendar come as part of your mailing software. 
  Google Calendar is great ¡V I use it. 
  It¡¦s even better if you can sync it to your mobile phone and other hardwares you use ¡V that way, you can access your schedule no matter where you are.
  
- Use an organizer. 
  The organizer helps you to be on top of everything in your life. 
  It¡¦s your central tool to organize information, to-do lists, projects, and other miscellaneous items.

- Know your deadlines. 
  When do you need to finish your tasks? 
  Mark the deadlines out clearly in your calendar and organizer so you know when you need to finish them.
  
- Learn to say ¡§No¡¨. Don¡¦t take on more than you can handle. For the distractions that come in when you¡¦re doing other things, give a firm no. Or defer it to a later period.
- Target to be early. When you target to be on time, you¡¦ll either be on time or late. Most of the times you¡¦ll be late. However, if you target to be early, you¡¦ll most likely be on time. For appointments, strive to be early. For your deadlines, submit them earlier than required.
- Time box your activities. This means restricting your work to X amount of time. Read more about time boxing: #5 of 13 Strategies To Jumpstart Your Productivity.
- Have a clock visibly placed before you. Sometimes we are so engrossed in our work that we lose track of time. Having a huge clock in front of you will keep you aware of the time at the moment.
- Set reminders 15 minutes before. Most calendars have a reminder function. If you¡¦ve an important meeting to attend, set that alarm 15 minutes before.
- Focus. Are you multi-tasking so much that you¡¦re just not getting anything done? If so, focus on just one key task at one time. Close off all the applications you aren¡¦t using. Close off the tabs in your browser that are taking away your attention. Focus solely on what you¡¦re doing. You¡¦ll be more efficient that way.
- Block out distractions. What¡¦s distracting you in your work? Instant messages? Phone ringing? Text messages popping in? I hardly ever use chat nowadays. The only times when I log on is when I¡¦m not intending to do any work. Otherwise it gets very distracting. When I¡¦m doing important work, I also switch off my phone. Calls during this time are recorded and I contact them afterward if it¡¦s something important. This helps me concentrate better.
- Track your time spent. Egg Timer is a simple online countdown timer. You key in the amount of time you want it to track (example: ¡§30 minutes¡¨, ¡§1 hour¡¨) and it¡¦ll count down in the background. When the time is up,the timer will beep. Great way to be aware of your time spent.
- Don¡¦t fuss about unimportant details You¡¦re never get everything done in exactly the way you want. Trying to do so is being ineffective. Read more: Why Being A Perfectionist May Not Be So Perfect.
- Prioritize. Since you can¡¦t do everything, learn to prioritize the important and let go of the rest. Apply the 80/20 principle which is a key principle in prioritization. Read more about 80/20 in #6 of 13 Strategies To Jumpstart Your Productivity.
- Delegate. If there are things that can be better done by others or things that are not so important, consider delegating. This takes a load off and you can focus on the important tasks.
- Batch similar tasks together. For related work, batch them together. For example, my work can be categorized into these core groups: (1) writing (articles, my upcoming book) (2) coaching (3) workshop development (4) business development (5) administrative. I batch all the related tasks together so there¡¦s synergy. If I need to make calls, I allocate a time slot to make all my calls. It really streamlines the process.
- Eliminate your time wasters. What takes your time away your work? Facebook? Twitter? Email checking? Stop checking them so often. One thing you can do is make it hard to check them ¡V remove them from your browser quick links / bookmarks and stuff them in a hard to access bookmarks folder. Replace your browser bookmarks with important work-related sites. While you¡¦ll still check FB/Twitter no doubt, you¡¦ll find it¡¦s a lower frequency than before.
- Cut off when you need to. #1 reason why things overrun is because you don¡¦t cut off when you have to. Don¡¦t be afraid to intercept in meetings or draw a line to cut-off. Otherwise, there¡¦s never going to be an end and you¡¦ll just eat into the time for later.
- Leave buffer time in-between. Don¡¦t pack everything closely together. Leave a 5-10 minute buffer time in between each tasks. This helps you wrap up the previous task and start off on the next one.        