A. Before You Give Notice :
  - The psychology of transitioning out of a job
    Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and finally acceptance.
    Don't step over it or try to deny it. 
    Grieve, and then before you begin your pity party, move on. It was job, no one probably died. 
    Here are some tips to help you get through it :
    1. Keep a journal :
       Whenever you find yourself having strong feelings about what just happened, write. 
       Get whatever you're thinking out of your head and on-screen or on paper. 
       
    2. Be careful about the what ifs. 
       "If only I'd done this or done that, shoulda, woulda, coulda."
       That's called a conversation not worth having. 
       It happened, it's over. That's the closure you will get to eventually.
       
    3. Accept that you are in transition. You may find yourself feeling angry, depressed, confused, afraid, down on yourself, hurt, or in shock. 
       This is normal. You miss your job, and the camaraderie, and the routine.
       
    4. Start every day by accomplishing something, anything. 
       Make your bed, sweep the floor, put away the dishes, empty the trash, it doesn't matter what it is. 
       Anything that will give you a good feeling about having done something, and write down each completed task.
       
    5. Talk to people. 
       It may feel like everyone else's problems pale in comparison to the fact that you lost your job. 
       Communicating with others will give you some perspective on what just happened. 
       There's a built in duality here. On the one hand, no job, on the other hand, there are those who have it a lot worse than you.
       
       And at the same time, losing your job hurts. 
       You'll take your new job when you're ready, either when the financial pressures are such that it's time to look for another job, 
       and/or you feel like you'll go out of your mind if you don't get back to work, and you can do this in stages. 
       
       You might begin by doing some volunteer work in order to start feeling that you're back in the game and have something valuable to contribute to the world.
       You do, and the new people you meet will recognize that and help you regain your self-esteem. 
       At some point, you'll get tired of looking back at what happened, put the experience to rest, and begin looking for what's next. 
       I've been there many times in my career, and the process is more or less the same every time I've lost the job, 
       but I have a structure so I can get through it, and now so do you.
       
   - Assess the pros and cons of leaving your current job :
    1. Write down the reasons to leave and the reasons to stay.
       Having it in writing gets it out of your head, which makes it more real and less emotional and dramatic. 
       The reasons you want to leave may include 
       a. unmet expectations. 
          Maybe you thought you were up for a promotion based on some conversations you had with your manager, but now you realize they're not going to give it to you. 
          You want to be clear whether there was an actual promotion or if you mistook a general discussion for a real opportunity.
          When we put things in writing it makes it easier to distinguish what's true from what we'd like to be true. 
       
       b. No opportunity for advancement; 
          your job has become a dead end. You're calling it in, not learning anything new, not growing. 
          You wake up every morning dreading going to work. 
       
       c. The circumstances in your life have changed.        
          You got married, divorced, had a baby, completed a degree, or you or a family member contracted a chronic illness and your job no longer gives you what you need.
          
       d. Industry fatigue: 
          You're tired of working in that industry. I worked in video post-production for years and eventually stopped seeing a future for myself there. 
          The internet was being born and I said "That's my future!" 
          
       e. Another reason to leave may be industry change. 
          Today industries are being disrupted every day and you may be experiencing some of that disruption. 
          For example, if you were a travel agent, you may have loved it but that industry has largely gone away.
       
       f. Company change: 
          your company changed, they were sold to a competitor and layoffs are imminent. 
          Even if you're not among those who will lose their jobs, what made your workplace fun and interesting is over. 
          
       g. Job opportunities: 
          Your spouse got a job in another state. If he or she earns more than you and their career means more to them than yours does to you, you'll be moving. 
          
       h. Company fatigue: 
          You can't work there anymore.
          You're tired of working so hard and can afford to cut back your hours but your company doesn't hire part-time workers.
          
       i. Commute: 
          You can't handle the commute anymore. 

       if you're thinking of leaving your current job, here are three things to remember: 
       1. put in writing all the reasons to leave and all the reasons to stay. Can adjustments be made so you don't have to leave? 
       
       2. before you decide to find another situation, is there something you haven't done, someone you can speak to, 
          some option you haven't thought of that might change the environment so you can stay, 
          like transferring to a different department or working part-time, or maybe becoming an independent contractor? 
       3.talk to your colleagues and your boss and see if they have any ideas.
       
   - Assess the pros and cons of a new job opportunity :
     1. Look at the whole package you're being offered, including salary, benefits, medical and dental, 401K plans, and do they match employee contributions? 
        Potential for raises, retirement plan, pension, bonuses and promotions, the commute, learning opportunities, how working there will look on your resume, 
        how stable the company is, do they pay for schooling? 
        
     2. When you're considering a new job, consult with your friends and colleagues, they may see things, both opportunities and pitfalls that you can't. 
        You want them to say, have you thought of, or did it occur to you? 
        They will have a perspective that you don't, and may also have inside information about the company and the boss you'd be working for.

        You want that kind of intel, and to be open to hearing any dirt before you take the job, 
        like what's the turnover rate? Do people get to advance? How stable is the company? What are its long-term prospects? 
        Will they be around in five years? In case you want to work there that long. 
        As you look at the new opportunity and begin to interview, I want you to remember an empowering thought, you're interviewing them too.
        
        When someone asks you out on a date, do you automatically say yes, or do you vet them first? 
        Why should a potential job be any different? And the process starts when the company first contacts you. 
        How they behave during the courting phase will indicate what it's going to be like to work there. 
        As you entertain the possibility of another offer, here are some things to keep in mind. 
          - Are they professional? 
            Do they do what they say they're going to do? Here's a big one, do they follow up? 
            When they say they'll call at 10, do they call at 10, or do they offer some lame excuse instead? 
            When they promise to send information, do they do so in a timely manner? 
            How did they act during the interview process? 
            Were there questions, dumb ones straight from a template, or were they trying to get to know you and have you get to know them? 
            Did they make you feel welcome? When I've interviewed potential employees, I was always sure to tell them the downside of working for the company.
            I would also give them as clear a picture as I could of what their job responsibilities would be. 
            So, pay attention to how the company you're considering conducts its interviews, it will give you some insight into how the company operates. 
            I like the panel interview format. 
            
            Pay attention throughout the process. If you don't like what you're seeing, you can end the negotiation at any time. 
            Better to learn the hard truths before you commit.

            The carpenters rule is measure twice, cut once. 
            Do your research and ask the right questions before you commit.

B. The process of transitioning :
   - How to give notice : 
     