- When I have an extra 10 hours per week I will improve my language ability & ?

- MVAs : Most Valuable Activities

- The calendar is the primary tool for time management success. 
  Six fundamentals to help you get the most out of your calendar. 
  
 1.Think of your calendar as your time budget. 
  time isn't money, but it does behave like money. It must be budgeted because when it's gone, it's gone.

  When you schedule things into your calendar, think of it the same way you would think about withdrawing money from a bank account. 
  Everyone has a weekly limit of 168 hours. You should live within that budget and never overdraw.
  If you overdraw, you'll go into time debt, and you'll end up paying interest on time. 
  Interest on time means switching cost, and switching cost means things take longer, more mistakes, and increase your stress levels.

  Schedule almost everything. This will help you automatically track your time budget and help you avoid overspending. 

 2.Avoid double-booking yourself. 
  Double-booking is a bit like spending time on a credit card: lots of overspending, lots of switching cost.

  When you double-book yourself, you're creating a situation where you're going to be tempted to multi-task. 
  You'll have to often reschedule and retrace your steps. 

 3.Never commit to an appointment without putting it into your calendar. 
  Sometimes people will make an appointment and say, Let's do lunch next week, or I'll call you next Tuesday, but they don't put it into their calendar.
  Avoid this mistake. Also, getting appointments in the calendar keeps you within budget, so always have your calendar on hand and use it consistently. 

 4.Schedule buffer and travel time for appointments. 
  Leave space between your appointments for unexpected interruptions, to take a moment to relax, to prepare for the next meeting.
  And certainly, if you have to travel from one meeting to the next, make sure to give yourself even more buffer time for travel. 

 5.Think of your calendar as a commitment. 
   It's a commitment to others and to yourself. When you budget time in a calendar, stick to it. 
   The calendar is not the place for maybe or perhaps. It's the place for deadlines and follow-through. 
   Anything that has a deadline and anything that is longer than fifteen minutes has to go to your calendar so that you've properly budgeted time to complete those items and complete them in a timely manner. 

 6.Think long term. 
  Most people feel like they don't have enough time to get everything done simply because they're only thinking in terms of what can be done this week or the next.
  The truth is, you have an abundance of time as long as you open your perspective weeks and months into the future. 
  Begin cultivating the habit of scheduling deeper into the future and you'll experience less stress and less pressure to do everything today.

- ACTION 1
       "Everything has a home, no visitors allowed." Any item that violates that rule, take it out and throw it in the inbox
	here are your action steps. 
	1.Move all unprocessed items into one big inbox. 
	2.put any items that need to be dealt with or accessed in the next week into the temporary "one-week inbox".
	3.Don't throw anything away. 
	4.Remove anything that is visiting in the wrong home. These are unprocessed items. 
	5.Dump any miscellaneous drawers or files into the inbox. These are unprocessed items. 
	6.Create more homes for items as necessary. 
        7.Label homes as you create them. Now it's your turn.  

-ACTION 2
        every single time you pick up an item during processing.
        1. What is the next step?
           Is this something I want to be doing with my life?
        2. When will it be done? 
           It's just referring to when to do that step you decided to do.
           Be specific when answering the when will it be done question, do it now if it can be done in five minutes or less, calendar it if it will take more than 15 minutes or is time sensitive, use a task reminder for everything else, group repetitive tasks, and leave space between appointments.
        3. Where is its home?





